2	i do not shop at a grocery store without a self checkout period it seems like a dumb move to remove these when they can both coexist just fine do n't like having to figure them out ? do n't use it
2	i hope that does n't become a trend , i actually like the self checkout they 're great when i just want to buy a candy bar or an iced coffee and do n't feel like waiting behind someone who 's doing their entire week 's shopping
1	is n't that yet another attack on our <> amendment right to be secure from illegal searches ? no the fourth amendment offers no rights to say what you wish without being identified anonymity has never been a part of the constitution
1	" without requiring that it go through a judge for a warrant first " is n't that yet another attack on our <> amendment right to be secure from illegal searches ?
5	yes , but not without repercussions the ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the constitution now you argue that that was the intent but a review of the works of the founding fathers does not strengthen that case looking back at the political works of the time i think it 's fairly clear that intent was that you ( as in mr your name here ) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail if you can do that anonymously ( ala common sense ) , great you 're welcome to do that but you 're not entitled to be able to do so the constitution does n't speak to anonymity that does n't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad , just that they did n't mention it if you can manage it , great but it 's not a protected right of yours , and it never has been for the record , i think the ri law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds , but that 's neither here nor there
4	being able to say what you want , in whatever way you want is the <> amendment freedom of speech my issue is with the " broadly written law " ( as stated in the article ) which gives law enforcement the legal grounds to skip the <> amendment by bypassing the need for a judicial review before granting a search if this ' law ' were to be passed , then it could apply to far more than ' who said what ' it could be used in many many ways all of them being bad for the average person
1	i wish i shared your view that it would be struck down however , there have been far too many dumb laws that have passed lately both federal and at the state level what happens next though ? say the law passes and the local pd gets the right to find out who xyz is for saying " fk the police " if this law passes as stated , the local pd could arrest the person because the comments are " offensive or harassing " it would n't matter who found the comment to be offensive , just that they ' felt ' it was i just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation where we once had rights , we are literally watching them be destroyed
1	yes , but not necessarily anonymously the ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the constitution now you argue that that was the intent but a review of the works of the founding fathers does not strengthen that case looking back at the political works of the time i think it 's fairly clear that intent was that you ( as in mr your name here ) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail if you can do that anonymously ( ala common sense ) , great you 're welcome to do that but you 're not entitled to be able to do so the constitution does n't speak to anonymity that does n't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad , just that they did n't mention it if you can manage it , great but it 's not a protected right of yours , and it never has been for the record , i think the ri law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds , but that 's neither here nor there
1	if this law passes as stated , the local pd could arrest the person because the comments are " offensive or harassing " it would n't matter who found the comment to be offensive , just that they ' felt ' it was no the local pd could issue a subpoena to the site isps in question to attempt to find the identity of the person there 's a difference between that and arresting someone for the content i just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation where we once had rights , we are literally watching them be destroyed spend some time outside of reddit and your view might change d it seems like a lot of redditors are just yearning to be oppressed and are hell bent on playing up any remotely negative event
2	although , free to play games that are actually worth a damn are still very rarely found
2	of course they are taking over they are free do you really know how many people love free stuff ? being free removes all expectations , you just get it , play it , and you do n't care about anything else
2	although " freemium " games represent a large portion of the total revenue on the app store , i do n't think these games are " taking over " only a small minority of people like these games but they spend a disproportionate amount of money the majority of people still like to know in advance what the game will cost them in fact i 'd guess that many of the people playing these freemium games are children who are either unaware that they are going to get a real bill thinking it 's just game money , or else they do n't care about the cost because they have all their bills paid by their parents
6	i do n't doubt that the iphone only being on one provider has hindered it but really it 's all just speculation if they really want to know what effect the verizon iphone had why do n't they compare the us growth figures to the international figures ? the iphone has been available on multiple networks for a long time in other countries if that slow down is also occurring there , then the iphone has nothing to do with it
5	this article completely ignores the fact that android outsells iphone <> <> also , there is plenty of room in the market for both android and ios ( and wp7 too ) the market is still evolving quickly , so a bit of give and take between the market share for apple and google is to be expected , but apple has a huge amount of market share to claw back before they have the top platform
4	apple fanboy circle jerk style logic in this apple " letting " competitors win ? right oh they had a surge when they opened up to the largest carrier in the country , i would hope so that does n't mean android is on the decline when it 's market share is still larger and the iphone <> will have a temporary surge for apple again but that 's how it always is with a new device
4	maybe it 's because there has n't been a " good " android release in a while a lot of people are waiting on dual core lte phones there really has n't been a " big " release of a device except for the thunderbolt , which outsold the vzw iphone <> the release of the sensation and evo <> should help upturn this , along with the eventual bionic and galaxy s2 releases
6	livejournal has always had the most amazing feature set , pretty much unrivalled by other blogging platforms i think a few things have failed to see it " take over " <> going paid premium too early , just as a plethora of free systems was springing up <> having a difficult and limited customisation system ( compared to other blogging platforms ) <> losing out to blogger in google 's algorithm ( whatever google says , blogger blogs get heavily weighted in its rankings over livejournal blogs i can attest to this , having maintained an identical blog on both platforms ) <> being a " blogging " platform rather than a social networking platform , putting off those that just want the social features and yet not giving a blog the sense of " individual websiteness " that blogger and others do ( see <> ) <> missing market opportunities ( which one can also criticise reddit for why was there a market need for disqus , when lj 's amazing , unrivalled comments system could have filled the void ? similarly why do so many sites now outsource their comments to facebook , why has n't reddit stepped in , for example ?
3	i 'll check it out ! give me a couple minutes oh god " permissions " " http " , " https " , " tabs " , " cookies " , " management " , " notifications " , " contextmenus " , that 's a lot of permissions , and it wants access to every site why ? that 's about it chrome is a lot more secure with extensions so you ca n't do a whole lot there
7	understandable thanks for replying anyway
6	must have got lucky i guess
6	is that why russians always add my lj for some reason ?
5	the whole brazilian obsession with orkut and general shunning of others has always struck me as kind of awesome
4	it 's funny because it s true
6	your ignorance is astounding
3	amen to that !
3	it could be just how the strange extension system they used works still i do n't trust this thing
7	hah , that was it ! forgot i had that installed thank you
6	i seriously do n't get what the difference is
2	i had this problem too i believe the contacts are put into their own group when you import them from the csv , so you have to move them over to the 'my contacts ' ( default ) list or whatever so g can pick them up
6	really ? i was actually referring to facebook connect g fb is n't about migration , it 's about actually overtaking it something like yahoo messenger now you no longer need to have a yahooid to use messenger you can use the messenger as a facebook messenger and talk with facebook friends no need to have a separate id i e no need to have a yahoo id my point is , then you do n't need to get a new account whatever new social networking sites come along , they will just be extentions of facebook it already has absorbed the competition with connect ( fucking myspace has it ) and so you wo n't or rather ca n't part with facebook anymore
7	thanks ! i tried that but nothing happened it just refreshed to my google feed
6	why ?
2	wow that is incredibly stupid and useless
4	game over , man ! game over !
5	strange , i do n't feel any excitement at all
4	cool can i have a google invite now ?
4	and twitter and my blog and even myspace i want to be able to type something up on my phone and annoy everyone with it at once !
4	now all we need is a way to post our google streams to facebook , instead of posting seperately for each site i'm thinking a little blue f icon next to the share button on google
7	google came to me at a very important time in my life , college to real world transition while i still have a couple of semesters in college it 's nice to know when future employers do a background check and ' google ' my name they will see my google public profile , which will essentially be my resume i love this concept
2	oh jeez might as well include webshots still getting emails of x many views this week didnt know anyone even used it anymore
1	i could n't get it to work just gets stuck at the loading screen
7	reap sympathy karma , duh !
1	i installed it you ca n't see notifications or messages you also ca n't actually comment on anything , you have to open facebook separately i found it useless and uninstalled
6	then do n't use it ?
7	thanks , dude
2	this is why i have n't touched any g extensions yet waaay too soon , there 's gonna be issues
7	thank you very much for doing this
4	get this man to the top !
7	thank you so , so much ! i installed this on chrome , and am glad i saw this i know you 're not a chrome developer , but is it possible any of these things could be transferred into their chrome extension ? oddly enough , my search was n't overrun ( i use the almighty duckduckgo ) , and i'm not sure how to find the rest of these problems in my preferences
7	yeah when i saw this i looked at permissions for the chrome extension , saw that it injects content scripts into all sites and was " oh no you did n't " it is also not in the chrome web store which is exceptionally suspicious fortunately for chrome users an extension ca n't run arbitrary code on your system and become more than a browser extension so for chrome users if you just uninstall the extension it will be gone for firefox users unfortunately that is not the case as every extension can pretty much do whatever it wants ( thanks for looking into this and warning people about it
5	wow , my apologies ! this extension was posted by lifehacker so i automatically trusted it was ok lesson learned , for sure
4	hey rdj ) strange running into you randomly , but i thought you 'd want to know this comment was ( rightly so ) bestof 'd http www reddit com r bestof comments ila7i roguedarkjedi reveals the dangers of good work mate nice to see that healthy level of paranoia )
4	most impressive
4	no , but they might come to g as well it 's like dualbooting
2	i for one look forward to facebook when all you holier than thou nerds move to google
4	that 's wonderful , however the rest of us have more than a handful of friends and as it stands i think i know <> people who have even bothered to get an invite
6	russia is to livejournal as brazil is to orkut ?
6	facebook ? real men use friendster
4	exactly , and like dual booting its a pain in the ass make your mind up and use one or the other and everyone uses one , so i'm sticking with that
4	heh , quite alright you pointed out that i did need to go back and rework the updates into the main points now
4	long live lj !
2	your friends are not going to suddenly leave facebook , i hate to tell you
6	never heard of it is it also a crossrider addon ?
4	there 's also a cool new feature that allows you to stay in touch with your facebook friends it 's called facebook
6	when was the last time you tried this ?
6	going to two different websites ? who has the time ?
3	omg but but but i gave facebook all of my information and now they are using it ! ! thats evil ! !
4	in fact , not a single line of google facebook code is obfuscated , and it 's all clean , readable , and commented that 's simply not true even it were , it pulls in code from external files , which would n't need to be obfuscated , given that it could change at any time without notice
4	exactly you know what i do if i want to stay in touch with the people i'm close with ? i call them i invite them to dinner we chat on msn , like we always do facebook really shines at sharing a few stories with me about the people i'm not really close with , but who i clicked with and enjoy hearing about
4	well that 's a good sign then , i hope !
5	yeah , no worries while i enjoy lifehacker every now and then , you should know that lh rarely tests the stuff they are suggesting , and when they do , they never actually look at what the software does behind the scenes ( because in most cases , that 's not easy to do , it takes time and they have a story to write ) edit suggest should be suggesting sigh
2	go to facebook privacy settings applications remove " google plus " in chrome , remove it from tools extensions in firefox , tools addons
4	i brought some jato orangereds ! strap it in , and hold on !
4	arbitrary code on your system technically , it still does i have a feeling the chrome version also contacts the server for the js file it needs to execute , which makes it just as vulnerable it still runs in the browser , but should a hacker take over the crossrider system , all users are instantly vulnerable because the js changed would be sent out and executed on all client browser instances become more than a browser extension well , it 's still a browser extension , except it does change settings that should not be changed without a really really good reason ( like it adds a full browser to the mail application , thus a startpage is also included , because how can you browse without some sort of startpage ? that 's bland ) anyways , glad to be of service
7	thank you d
7	whoa o thanks for letting me know , that 's really cool
2	ugh embedding facebook in google ? no thanks
7	i was going to post that sometimes a re boot can be helpful , which is all the techie stuff i know i now want to meet with a speeding train , thank you roguedarkjedi
1	shit just got real
4	google facebook allows you to view your facebook stream as you 're facebooking in google while you facebookgooglebook ! ! !
4	the best part is that you do n't have to switch from top news to most recent
6	user setting permission wise ? not much ( http www reddit com r technology comments ikymu googlefacebook allows you to view your facebook c24p017 ) they 're still doing the same stuff in terms of logging sniffing scanning as done in firefox
5	never heard that one before ( wayevil " yes i have ! " )
2	because of google i deleted my facebook yesterday , but my myspace and livejournal sites are still active
2	too many edits , too many updates too much technical lingo can you make a tl dr for us dumb folk ?
5	wow , awesome work have you looked at the facebook to picasa photo app ? i do n't have a link right now unfortunately
1	thank you why the fuck is this post downvoted ! ! fuck you people , if it were n't for him i ( and a lot of people ) had n't known about this even if it was not " serious " it 's useful information ! for the downvoters who downvoted roguedarkjedi , fuck you
5	this is why i wonder why people seem to like the tools to invite all of their facebook friends probably <> <> are n't really friends anyways , why not start over with google ?
2	it 's more the fact that they 're asking for that wide scope of access to begin with regardless of whether they actually utilize all that data , i'm not at all willing to test the theory
1	then fuck it then an extension that asks for permission to do whatever the fuck it wants and does as little as let you see a feed but not interact with it ( besides the fact that it 's trying to cross platform <> things that are meant to be separate ) ? useless invasive shitty so yeah , if you installed it , that still makes you a moron
1	you can as an extension author actually specify which pages you need access to ( https code google com chrome extensions manifest html permissions ) the user will then get a popup like the top one ( https code google com chrome extensions permission warnings html ) , containing a url rather than " on all pages " this chrome extensions requests access to http https that said , i skimmed through the extension code and all it seems to be doing is add the facebook icon when you click it , it adds an iframe to the center of the page that loads this page ( http googleplus crossrider com facebook stream html ) i could not find anything malicious , but keep in mind i just took a quick look does this mean it 's safe to install ? maybe i'm staying the fuck away personally let 's say there 's an update where the addon author starts tracking what pages you visit , the information you give to said pages , etc chrome wo n't ask if this is alright , since you already allowed the extension access to all pages , be it http or https also , what is to say they wo n't be scanning modifying the facebook stream before passing it on to you ?
1	adding a new circle today called " why ? " , as in " why the fuck did you add me on google when we have n't talked in over a year "
6	i 'd love to hear how that is n't true by all means , show me a line of code that is even remotely confusing edit also , i just skimmed through every file and did n't see anything that could be mistaken for " pulling code in from external files " you 're just making shit up
2	so did google assimilated all other web search engines i do n't think i want to root for either side
2	exactly assimilation is defeat
2	i have n't looked at what it does in chrome as i'm primarily a firefox developer ( on the browser front that is ) i could dive in , but i do n't know the chromium api as well as i know gecko , so i ca n't tell you of all its dirty tricks there
3	first off , thank you for the insightful post ! my fear was that this extension falls into the second category in my mind , it falls under both executing remote javascript in window chrome is a huge problem , especially in the way they are doing it but the fact they can , at any point in time , force users to install additional junk without their permission as well as the fact that it has the ability to scan your emails and inject content into the emails you write , leads me to the belief that it is also rather malicious however , i can see why the developers did these kind of things maintaining a user base for an addon is incredibly hard , much less than trying to a dollar off of it my point was that a firefox extension which is blatantly malicious can trivially move outside of the browser to put it simply , installing a dubious firefox extension is no better than running a dubious executable there is no barrier to prevent it from persisting on your system after you have uninstalled the extension which was the initial vector exactly i'm not even sure how i can even expand on this , you 've worded it really well firefox users have no guarantee that this will get rid of it the tutorial i posted will revert all changes it made up to this point however , if the server introduced more changes , there 's no way to make sure we cleaned them all however , as of tonight , i have not seen any new updates to the scripts it executes so in a way , by having this thing still installed , you 've opened yourself to a ticking timebomb ( man , that 's so cliche )
2	this not very dissimilar to what i tell myself every time i try to quit smoking ( facebook cigarettes , natch )
2	you 're still giving permission to an unknown publisher to gather essentially everything from both google and facebook to do what it does if you 're readily willing to tell a stranger to " shut up and take my personal information so i can see my facebook feed in a place im trying to avoid facebook , " all the power to you , brother it 's one shitty extension i can do without also , " internet tough guy " for dismissing a browser extension ? lol
1	then you also know that the extension injects <> js files into every single page you visit with the extension installed ? if one of these files ever get something malicious included in them , i would never know without periodically checking the fact they get added to every single page also means every single page can access them , which again is potentially bad in the end it comes down to trust do i trust a company that i 've never heard of before and know nothing about to take my privacy seriously when i give them the keys to my browser ? i just ca n't say i do even if i agree they would be stupid to try something , the world is filled with stupid people
2	my parents , aunts and uncles , who are older and now that they are on fb will never move to google do you now see why we are moving en masse ?
4	i need g first !
6	does anyone really think people are going to move from facebook to google en masse ? i know a lot of people my parents , aunts and uncles , who are older and now that they are on fb will never move to google they just wo n't do it if you 're the only one to move to google but everyone is still on fb , what 's the point ?
2	did n't work for me
6	i wonder how long before facebook blocks this
4	have an upvote
5	actually the problems with facebook are facebook in the first place it 's not about quitting a addiction , it 's getting rid of a pile of crap
5	does anyone have invites ? i feel like the last kid picked for dodgeball here
7	no thank you i was about to install this i'm glad i read the comments first
3	what do i do if i 've already installed it on chrome ? so far i 've removed it from extensions and from fb a lot of this advice is firefox geared thanks for the heads up )
5	yep my fault i'm sleepy and i read so far down your post that i forgot the tl dr was in the first paragraph my apologies
4	the odds are next to zero of somebody getting away with data gathering through extensions , seeing as how extension code is always viewable in fact , not a single line of google facebook code is obfuscated , and it 's all clean , readable , and commented
2	exactly the sort of people i want to actively stay in touch with and communicate with are the sort of people that will use google plus , rather than the sort of people posting endless poorly shot family photos on facebook
1	are you typing with your penis ?
4	guess so , that 's good though !
2	drinking a lot of soda does not equal an addiction , also please do n't belittle addiction by using the phrase borderline addiction for a website you likely just browse fairly often
6	so how do you fully uninstall it if you already made the mistake of installing it ?
1	do n't they know you 're not supposed to cross the streams ? ! ?
4	nice try zuckerberg
6	now why would i want to do that ?
4	very cool ! here 's a way to transfer all your facebook friends to google as well , if you 'd like http www youtube com watch ? v kor0lirqrwe instructions for people who do not want to listen to my stupid face sign up for yahoo go into yahoo mail , contacts tab , import contacts click facebook logo , ok to share contacts select all your contacts , export all , export as a yahoo csv file go to gmail , contacts tab , and create a " facebook " group for your new contacts to land into then " more actions " " import " then import the yahoo csv file go to google and circles tab , then " add and invite " and they 're all there ! it 's like magic that you performed yourself !
4	yes actually ( http www reddit com r technology comments ikymu googlefacebook allows you to view your facebook c24mfci )
7	thank you , but strangely none of these things were changed on my firefox <> install i simply uninstalled the add on and looked for the about config entries you mentioned but i either could n't find them , or they were set to default i did n't have a opensearch plugin either
7	rad ! thanks , man !
6	yeah , is facebook getting info from google that can be used for profit ?
4	you clearly have no concept of how browsers or extensions work the ability to modify a page ( e g change a background color ) requires access to the dom if you have access to the dom , you inherently have access to the data on the page google 's warning is informing you of this reality fortunately for everyone that is n't an overly angry , paranoid internet tough guy , the extension only runs on the designated google page , so there 's really nothing to worry about
6	excuse my limited user abilities but how do you perform the same action on a mac ?
7	i 'll have to fix this , thanks for the help !
6	i'm curious as to why it needs to know this much information ( http i imgur com qommw png ) just to import the stream i 'd also like to know if i can see my notifications and messages , because those are more important than the news feed
1	came here to aw fuck why bother posting anymore ?
4	would n't be surprised if google made this extension themselves )
4	could n't have said it better myself !
1	exactly , what the hell ?
1	yeah , i saw that and stopped are you fucking kidding me ? " my data on all websites " ? whoever ignored that and installed it anyway are certified morons and probably are also the people who incredulously bitch about a lack of privacy on social networks
6	i'm surprised nobody made a joke about crossing the streams yet
2	people do n't install this
4	interesting george orwell 's <> predicted the rest of the internetz aware that this was written in <> not relevant ( http ultimateebookstore com ultimate fotos di <> jpg )
8	of all the parts discussed in this article , this part struck the most true to me there will be a shift away from conventional workplace and school socialization friends , peer groups and alliances will be determined electronically , creating classes of people based on interests and skills rather than age and social class
4	it 's the right vision they just did n't anticipate html and high speed networking supplanting videotex aol and prodigy still used videotex for a while in the <> before windows <> and the web browser changed everything
4	except for some terminology , this is amazingly accurate this stood out to me '' videotex might mean the end of the twoparty system , as networks of voters band together to support a variety of slates maybe hundreds of them , '' it said
2	haw haw , you think your contributions to reddit discussions is determined by merit ? that 's a lol and a half have a downvote
4	i would say yes the ipod , especially the ipod touch , brought mobile media to the masses apps , podcasts , radiocasts , etc , grew in popularity due in part to the success of the ipod the app store generates lots of revenue for developers and itunes makes the distribution of music and video so much easier making musicians less dependent on record labels it 's been big apple may not have created technology , but they certainly have made it ubiquitous
2	you know why i ca n't take this article seriously ? it does n't contain the words " intellectual property " or " content " while the production of the device certainly creates a disproportionate number of overseas jobs the production of the content we put on it certainly creates jobs in the us
4	did n't read , but apply boomed big time afte the ipod , and they hire waayyy more people now than before the ipod
6	so " jobs " at apple store for idiots , who say " may i help you " are the jobs created by ipod ?
4	there are at least <> more us located apple jobs those people are now flying back and forth to sweatshops in china to make sure the rights parts can be made there so yes more jobs
2	the article is incomplete it talks about a content delivery system without talking about content
2	i have a couple musician friends that really would like to disagree with you they 've gotten their music out to the masses in a way that they could n't have before they 've sold thousands of their songs ( both combined ) and they 've made money they would not have made otherwise itunes , and digital distibution in general , is great for the industry you should probably learn the facts instead of going on an ' apple is evil ' tangent
4	anybody can put their music on itunes with a work around that requires an intermediary agent that 's not the same thing and fair enough , but when apple pushes the albums sold by the major labels with the big money which albums do you think people are going to buy ? indie bands never had trouble receiving equal shelf space in record stores , so this is a phenomenon mostly associated with digital distribution and the fact that the company controlling the means also controls what people are largely exposed to
4	the joke 's on them , they gotta find it first !
6	i have enough issues with privatized prisons , without privatizing the tsa as well when the only motivation is profit , rather than law , let alone justice , it makes me very distrustful next we 'll have judges elected based on the size of their corporate funding , or politicians funded by untraceable corporate and international funds damn already got that ( http en wikipedia org wiki citizens united citizens united v federal election commission )
4	thanks !
6	what does this have to do with technology ?
6	i wonder what their salary was are they being paid a decent wage ?
1	was he never fucking searched ?
4	nice ! lock that scumbag up !
7	he did it for our personal safety !
1	i for one am shocked , shocked , that an employee of a government job which barely requires a high school diploma and no psychological evaluation would be caught stealing other people 's shit
2	i was being sarcastic in response to a red haring , distracting , and irrelevant " expanded government " argument but i 'd argue an anti tsa sentiment has been strong since its inception the internal battles tsa faces are their own public outcry towards their abuse of power is ignored , so no tears are shed for them
6	are you positive you do n't want to see a partnership between privatized tsa and various prison contractors ? i mean it makes the whole process more efficient , does n't it ?
5	my bad i guess the previous <> " anecdotes " are n't a factor here
6	on the other hand , the article referenced by mr craptastic ( above ) states so what are the odds that a tsa employee will steal something from your bag ? in the last decade , fewer than <> out of the tsa 's <> , <> employees have been arrested on suspicion of theft , melendez said that 's about <> <> so maybe that <> is the total employees in the last decade ? which probably makes more sense , and is slightly less scary ( as a fledgling army )
4	his mother must be proud
1	ah , reddit ! i post a question about sentence spacing conventions to r linguistics and get downvoted into oblivion for bad subreddit selection ( because sentence spacing supposedly has nothing to do with the structure of language ) and this anti tsa bad cop no donut thread in r technology gets <> , <> upvotes i officially give up no , really reddit fuck you in the anus
2	you 're evil !
1	well it is circumstantial but the tsa has proven over and over again that you will leave your shit in their trust , and they will rifle through all your shit , and do all this in private , and leave a nice card telling you they just went through all your shit not the same as leaving my laptop in the careless surroundings i call my home
4	ebay to the rescue ! they 're the biggest fence laundering company in the world you can sell anything and not be questioned about where it came from
1	as a baggage handler , fuck you i have taken time to close your unzipped bags and shove your shit back in we do n't have the time to sit around opening up bags so we can find the good shit we have to download those <> bags in <> minutes before you complain about how long we are taking to get your bags back to you at the baggage claim area , we have to rush back and grab the upload to the next city so that we can get it out on time and not get our supervisors in trouble because we are at least semi decent people i have never stolen anything , and the closest i 've seen to anybody stealing anything on the job was a guy grabbing a lighter out of the belly of a plane because he had no idea which bag it came from
6	one ? where 'd you get that number from ?
6	how many tsa employees have been arrested now ? seems like there is a new story like this every week !
5	we have to download those <> bags in <> minutes lol
5	lets not wait for it to get worse its bad enough already worse no freedoms left at all
7	thank you for respecting my wish to not be bombarded with news of atrocities i ca n't do anything about s
2	i dont know where you work but i bet this shit happens in miami all the time
2	at least tsa agents ca n't steal my penis
6	an airport worker stealing ? i find this hard to believe s
2	i have n't clicked the link yet , do you think i can guess what color his skin is ?
2	did he pee in luggage too ?
1	spoiler alert ! there is no baggage heaven when they die they get crushed and shredded into a mulch that is used to make playgrounds , rainbows , kitties and poptarts
6	iunno the coast guard ?
4	absolutely , hey ! do you want the rest of my kool aid ? we are all drinking it up
1	did he have an x box <> , ps3 , and a half dozen blu rays and games on him ? because a tsa employee stole those from me
2	i try to give people the benefit of doubt i probably should n't do that when it comes to government
2	evil genius !
1	you do know that property gets stolen everyday from other international airports , hotels , taxis even from people 's houses ! gasp the poor children ! there is no evidence what so ever that there is a systemic problem with theft at the tsa
2	it 's stories like this that make me wish opposing the government was possible but not in this country !
2	wait , you want the government to be in charge of watching the government ? splendid idea perhaps we can have even more government that watches the government that watches the government
1	seriously , pack guns ( http www vimeo com <> ) with your normal belongings and everything is fixed suddenly , the tsa can no longer open your suitcase legally without you being the in the room , so they can fuck off with the requests to know your suitcases passwords
6	oh good lord why would you check your computer ?
2	can we get rid of those mouth breathers now ? i liked flying better when i did n't have to submit to imbeciles playing dress up
6	i'm shocked , shocked i tell you !
6	they doing wood carving in the dark ?
6	i believe the vast majority of tsa employees , and airline baggage handlers , are honest people i also believe the vast majority of the passengers boarding planes are honest people , but that does not get us onto the plane without going thru screening and , perhaps , body search tsa employees and baggage handlers being no more honest than the general flying public , my question is does every tsa employee and every baggage handler have to go thru a security check ( scan and maybe body search ) every time they report for work in secure zones of an airport ? and for extra safety , every time they leave a secure zone ? ( obvious not on exit , or this guy could not be walking out with stolen stuff ) who screens the screeners ?
1	fucking badass
2	baggage handlers have been stealing stuff since forever
4	you are a hero
1	you sir , fucking rock
7	well played , good sir thank you for making this world a better place
4	i think i felt safer flying before the tsa was established
6	what does this have to do with technology ?
1	i never said those anecdotes constituted data i was just providing a citation ( not <> , but enough to show that it happens ) besides , i would n't really consider news stories to be anecdotes it may not be scientifically rigorous data , but it shows that tsa agents do steal from passengers tsa hate aside , it 's hard to blame all of tsa for this the tsa is accountable because it 's their employees who stole from passengers while on the job not only that , but it seems to be a regular occurence who else would be to blame other than the tsa ?
1	" the plural of anecdote is not data " and <> ? where the fuck did this number come from ? and how many tsa agents are there ? that number could be a minuscule fraction of a percentage
2	do n't be a little bitch , just do it , we do n't need a post telling us you 're quitting
5	shady south florida
6	holy shit , that 's a frightening subredit but until this has been made a rare occurrence , i 'd say it belongs both there and in top subreddits for maximum exposure seeing as how it impacts a very large population
2	a dick ass thief with the force of law behind him
2	and a dick ass thief that was paid by the tsa and given permission to go through your stuff , again by the tsa they chose him to work for them , not the other way around
6	extremely long read , but this is an incredible and amazing story as one very familiar with plc 's and industrial control the possibilities for this type of attack are immense wow
6	does anyone actually know what patents microsoft holds that needs licensing for android phones ? it sort of sounds like protection money from a possible lawsuit instead of anything too substantial
4	no because microsoft specifically refuse to give out the list citing ' administration costs ' ( despite the fact they have thrown around some very specific numbers ( http www zdnet com blog microsoft microsoft free and open source software violates <> microsoft patents <> ) for claimed patent infringements , meaning they have already done all the work and would probably only have to attach a document to an email but the claim is they had to pay for that already and need to recoup the costs ) then the companies that get the patents have to sign a thing saying they wont redistribute the list ( that assuming they ever get the whole list , ms might be worried they will tip of the devs on the quiet so they might just show enough to prove they have some patents ) the can basically go around claiming there are hundreds of patents in linux and forcing large companies to pay them money without ever giving anyone the opportunity to fix it or find prior art if a company says no , they can pick on <> specific patent to go to court over such as the way fat filesystems handle upper lowercase letters in filenames which they sued tomtom over ( http news cnet com <> <> <> <> <> html ) there was a uk court case where they had to force ms to sell samba the list of patents ( http www samba org samba pfif ) for <> and ruled that they could n't sue over any patents not on the list samba are not allowed to distributed the patents list and note this is just a list , not any rights to use the patents of course they can just make a few changes to the protocol in new versions of windows , keep refusing to implement any compeditor stuff despite it being open and get another <> years of monopoly on the protocol it also does n't stop them from using a <> party puppet company as a kind of patent shelter or alternative attack vector it also does n't stop them from pushing their standards into widespread use for example the new sdxc ( http en wikipedia org wiki sdxc ) card format allowing for sd cards over <> in size uses their new exfat ( http en wikipedia org wiki exfat ) filesystem which has new patents ( still pending ) so everyone wanting to use a basic sd card for the next <> years will need a microsoft license expect basic usb flash drives to go the same way when they reach the size limit and it 's not likely we will see windows or osx implement ext4 , btrfs or anything ( although maybe you could get away with using udf ( http en wikipedia org wiki universal disk format ) which is open and in widespread use thanks to it 's use on blu ray ( http en wikipedia org wiki blu ray disc filesystem ) , but last time i tried it on a usb stick windows would n't register it and they might not allow for the write support either ) technically all the patents are public , but there are just so many to go through , so many different components of a opensource operating system , and of course it requires both legal knowledge , programming knowledge and a very good overview of the opensource software landscape that it 's not going to be feasible plus there are still all the patents owned by puppet companies we saw that redhat novell lawsuit ( http www groklaw net article php ? story <> ) over virtual desktops from a company that had <> ex ms employees , one of which was a intellectual property expert that quit ms and joined them a week befoure the legal action started this happened shortly after ms 's claims of patent violations in linux and novell agreeing to a <> year no sue patent lawsuit agreement with ms ( guess that turned out useless for them ) the same company that are pushing ms techbologies such as net and silverlight onto the linux platform the same company that where ruled as owning the unix patents ( it could be very bad is ms buy them out in the future , although the patents will have hopefully expired by then ) plus so many of them are too vague or have prior art that they could be useless but it would require them to actually be overturned in court a court run by a judge who is a legal expert not a computer one and a court that might be in dallas texas ( which just happnes to be where all the patent toll companies are also based ) , the court that is famous for enforcing patents like that in any case , i am not a lawyer
4	you can do both
6	m when did i stumble into linux support forums ?
4	i love it it 's a tradition of the ages , and it 'll continue
4	it 's become like a bathhouse for geeks everybody 's fucking each other , and nobody in the rest of the real world really cares
3	and the war of the fucktards continues the only end is most or all of them ending up in pyita jail as they all out each other
2	the main problem with that is that anon is n't shy about taking credit for what they do they have their own set of morals and are proud of what they accomplish
2	welcome to america , where being a certifiable retard qualifies you for government work , but people who 're actually interested in securing our democracy ca n't find a job even when they practically scream it on the interwebs , afterall the bribes would n't sit well with them
2	i submitted the idea that government would " hack " themselves in order to pin the crime on anonymous and push censorship bills months ago
6	why bother with engineering when familiar office products will suffice ?
2	wank wank about how much higher than your 's my iq is & it is comment about how i did n't say it qualified you for all government work bemoaning the fact it 's quite plausible you ca n't even follow this reasoning
6	is n't that how a lot of cowboy it firms operate ? especially in education actually
2	i do n't know what you guys were arguing about ( since it 's deleted now ) , but this welcome to america , where being a certifiable retard qualifies you for government work really frustrates the hell out of me my fiancee worked her ass off to earn <> degrees ( ba , bs , jd , & mpp ) so she could work for the us government because she knows she can actually make a difference where it counts what she has done for this country and for the environment would put you to shame there are idiots in private , corporate , non profit and government please be more respectful
4	exactly !
2	as soon as the media finds the next suitable distraction for the american public , they cram it down their throats this happens so often that people are overloaded with information panic from the continuing crises , and forget things that happened just months before
6	why would the government hire firms to create fake online profiles ?
6	what else would you expect from the lowest bidding contractor ?
2	oh , so it 's a conspiracy , not a conspiracy
6	were you being sarcastic just now , or was that a really bad typo ?
6	contract ' er ? i hardly even know ' er !
6	wait , the fbi uses access databases ? ! ? & <> & <>
6	whatever happened t the hb gary controversy from a few months ago ?
1	i like how all these important security type contractors don ' t sanitize their fucking database queries is this the level of incompetence my taxes are funding ? the fuck
3	better hurry up and pass that interwebz kill switch or we might have more hackings very scary be afraid we might need a tsa for the internetz
2	i smell a conspiracy going on
1	fantastic , now they 're a threat to national security just what they fucking needed
2	it is n't a conspiracy the us government consistently and constantly conspires against its own citizens to fulfill and maintain the interests of our plutocracy it 's simple truth
2	oh so the fbi just overpays someone to use access for them got it
6	if downvotes reflected reality i 'd be in trouble i'm a bit surprised there 's such resistance to the idea that " conspiracy " is a loaded word
1	to be fair , his original comment did say ' implies '
2	what would you call and unhealthy distrust of government ?
1	what the fuck are you trying to say ?
2	not loaded just a term of art conspiracy is at its most fundamental level an agreement it speaks not to a lack of evidence or anything like that conspiracy is the agreement the conspiracy itself occurs when person a says to person b wanna do xyz , and person b agrees before person b agrees , there is no conspiracy said otherwise , it is an agreement between <> or more people to carry on some behavior that is , almost universally speaking , illegal
3	they are playing with fire
6	why would they do this ?
5	why do n't people hack cia or nsa ? the fbi are good guys
4	thanks ! i cannot edit my submission , but i will hope i have learned from this so that i will not make the same mistake again
6	i would n't worry about the fbi on this one , i 'd worry a lot more about a ewd , nsa and a few other groups tucked away in the recesses of our government and military
6	another relevant question , why would our government contract private firms to , among other things , spy on its citizens ?
2	" if we actually had a direct democracy , they 'll just vote for healthcare , education and welfare "
2	yea man , this is america !
4	it only crashed once when i first went to it ( on a fresh chrome instance , nothing else running ) windows <> x64 chrome <> <> <> <>
2	holy cow , what a weird bug ! we 've tried it in firefox on multiple oses without such glitches ( the animation is choppy mainly due to firefox glitches with css3 transitions we 've disabled them for now until we can figure out work arounds , so right now firefox uses our fallback player that 's choppier ) would you mind if i ask what os you 're running on , so we can do more testing for this ?
2	xp x64 sp2 up to date ff5 with a shitload of extensions ( http cjoint com data3 <> image1 png )
4	the site flickers when i move the mouse or scroll i am using chrome <> <> <> <> on mac osx
4	i'm a founder and the technical lead ama !
2	i 've been waiting for a flash alternative for a long time the potential here is great is it planned to keep this in the browser , or will it go desktop eventually ? are drawing tools or other features , such as layers , in the works ? thanks for your work !
1	you crashed my google chrome ! that 's the first time that 's happened
4	does n't work well on firefox <> animation is choppy , and there are glitches ( see screen caps ( http www megaupload com ? d fso9rqkl ) )
4	holy shit this is awesome just watch the video at the bottom of the main page
1	this should now be fixed let me know if you are still having this problem
5	yes , this is specific to some versions of chrome osx i just found out we should have it fixed tomorrow ( i'm guessing a css3 transitions hardware acceleration bug ) if you change to firefox it 'll work fine
4	we want to keep it in the browser , since that 's the most convenient in the long term ( as browsers keep improving ) drawing tools ( more specifically svg support ) has been discussed it 's all a matter of what our customers , in general , end up using our tool for and ask for
4	what os & chrome version , may i ask ? ( we 're using the latest and greatest browser features in the near future the browsers & our code will hopefully sort out these kinds of issues )
8	losing customers hurts if your goal is to make money
6	i'm curious , how is it moot ? if you ca n't have internet service after the third strike , you lose business with the company it does n't matter if you have alternatives in your area or not you lose business with a customer , you lose money as an isp am i wrong ?
1	well fuck it then just build more coal burning generation stations ! there 's obviously nothing we can do
4	in a way , this is a good thing this shows that there 's enough energy there worth going after but yeah , expensive lesson
4	it was built in ireland , like the delorian enough said
4	i wonder why they did not design a device to test the tidal force before hand , a simple device just attached to the base before the turbine was deployed oh well , at least good will come of it )
1	fire up the party van , bob
4	i wish people could try to read sites like this more objectively and critically i fully support net neutrality and <> privacy and anonymity , but stooping to lying and manipulation of the facts is only going to hurt the cause if your side lack credibility , it makes it that much more difficult to make your point
2	and thus stoop to the level of every propaganda machine , ever i'm not going to debate the morality or utility of your stance i just wish there was a better way to get people to realize that perhaps they should become educated about some of this shit
4	i completely agree with anything and everything , everywhere
6	walking around naked is a lot more fun ?
4	we are using tor to bypass the government censorship in iran happy now ?
6	i wonder if this approach is beginning in canada , due to the recent prime time tv commercial spots talking about stopping child pornography hmmm
1	where the hell are the pubescent corporation 's picture of getting it violated by society ? because i definitely want those pictures
6	my lady gaga mp3 's are like naked children ? i'm confused by the ridiculousness of the assertion
2	to some , every photo of a child ever taken , is child pornography
2	who does n't ?
1	awful defensive when we mention those are n't you ? got something to hide there mister child pornographer dude ?
2	first they came for the perverts
2	say we need to crackdown on " cp file sharing " sue kids for downloading justin beiber more hypocritical bullshit from ip whores
5	try googling for the swedish word for child pornography um , no
2	well , that was extremely well thought out in my opinion , intellectual property is a completely broken system it worked before we had systems that could copy and distribute data in microseconds , when we had to physically press vinyl records , produce film rolls , and use printing presses to distribute books the digital world of the last thirty years has put an end to this line of thinking , and our laws simply do n't work with it that is entirely true
8	you have a weak password
4	that site i have never swung so violently and repetitively between raging and laughing
2	i hate that site , not because it is bad but because it makes me hate people so much it hurts me every time i look at it
2	send it to the onion
8	the two people that watch msnbc are going to be so mad at you now
2	the full argument was linked to ( http mogis verein de eu en ) but the tl dr version is that blocking child pornography does n't make it go away , it just hides it , and that " crimes should be punished and not hidden " by blocking child pornography instead of removing it , you 're ignoring the problem , not addressing it
3	i guess it 's kind of like , if the drug war ended , police budgets and the prison population would fall drastically the biggest enemy is gone and thus , there 's no point in spending all that money if there were effective ways to deal with cp on the internet and catch the predators that post it and prey on children , the argument follows that the copyright lobby loses their best excuse for so many restrictive laws or at least , that 's what i felt they were trying to get at could be wrong
8	what is kinda nuts is the juvenilization of our children is a pretty modern phenomena not long ago they were expected to get married in their teens , fight wars , go to work , the whole nine yards as life got easier and we started to live a lot longer , we started to treat our children as more and more immature it isnt that our children changed , or evolved they arent becoming more immature , we simply treat them that way not that i think we should start letting our kids have porn , but people need to remember our kids arent stupid , they just act that way , and they really arent as young as we treat them , we just have that luxury due to technology
2	" copyright industry " arg ! i hate that phrase copyright is not an industry there are industries that use copyrights , but it 's not an industry unto itself and the lawyers and corporations like righthaven are trying to turn the legal system into an industry this is the kind of shit you get when you let corporations buy politicians and write the laws
5	is so sad to think that with the phrase " child pornography is great " , johan schl ter is just exploiting in a different way abused children worldwide this should be consider a crime as well
4	that 's a nice sentiment , but i do n't think copyright law will be a big campaign issue anytime soon in the us at least , the vast majority of people react the same way the politicians do they do n't understand file sharing so they do n't have an opinion on that , but it becomes associated with child pornography and suddenly it 's this terrible internet black market that needs to be shut down i'm not saying that people should n't become active about this issue though quite the contrary i think waiting around for the next election is n't going to do shit write to politicians now , call in to radio shows , explain the issue to your conservative family members the best thing that we can do is strive to inform the public as to why these laws are so bad so that at some point in the future our collective voice is big enough to be heard
5	sadly until the economy is fixed and we 're no longer engaged in significant wars , this issue will never be a significant issue in re election campaigns you should still apply pressure by writing your congress critter regularly about this issue ( your do that do n't you ? ) , but you should have a realistic view on the threat of if being a factor in a re election your congress critter does
8	okay , fine mistercow to restate the public will not be " starved of culture " by enforcing copyright laws , therfore this cannot be " censorship " happy ? or even more sad now ?
8	oh no trust me i'm doing what i can , but that does n't mean i'm particularly worried i 've petitioned everyone i can about it demandprogress org sends me email updates about it from time to time and every petition they 've asked me to sign , i 've signed i 've sent emails to my congressmen i 've posted about it on my facebook wall multiple times asking for my friends to do the same i'm not sitting around and hoping that nothing happens of it i'm just saying that if somehow it does make it through into law , if the supreme court does what they were created to do , they will strike it down without thinking twice
2	juvenilization they are juveniles i think the term you want is " infantilization "
4	absolutely !
4	apparently , we are n't the only dumb ones
6	wut ?
4	the man was johan schl ter , head of the danish anti piracy group denmark was the first country to censor allofmp3 com , the ( fully legal ) russian music store , and is now censoring the pirate bay off the internet in sweden , the copyright industry lobbyist per str mb ck has publicly admitted it being one of his best arguments
7	on the contrary , i find her to be a very talented artist , and you may too if you could get over her outlandish styles and behavior however , i do n't know whether you have any sort of musical background or understanding of the subject , and do n't care to speculate
2	man , i really hate all those supid people
5	unfortunately , until the public takes a stand and politicians ' re elections are put at stake , the copyright industry is going to get whatever they want
1	child pornography can be printed on paper lets block all access to paper , that should stop it
2	and an avenue in which it ca n't be tracked , does n't need to be stored on the host computer , and ca n't be taken down without taking down the network
3	and as with everything , be it terrorism , or drug dealing ( situation in mexico for example ) , the normal everyday people are the ones that pay the price while the people perpetrating the crimes just find other ways to do commit them
3	no no exploiting children for pleasure is wrong exploiting them for capital gain is honorable
6	what should be considered a crime ?
2	however , unlike fox , we do not have direct trusted lines into supid people 's brains
2	but politicians don t understand that file sharing is bad , and this is a problem for us but politicians don t care that file sharing is bad for us , and this is a problem for us ftfh ( im ) ) btw , what he actually wanted to say is but politicians want a lot of lobby money to " decide " that file sharing is bad it 's cheaper to play the child porn card
8	i hope these people die in a fire seriously
4	i laugh myself to sleep every night with the absurdity that is america
1	" all this in defense of their lucrative monopoly that starves the public of culture " fucking hell , that is such bullshit it 's not my place to explain all of copyright to you , but i wish someone would in short censorship is not the idea that you will be forced to pay or borrow something instead of downloading it to keep for an infinite amount of time may the gods help us , this is not censorship !
4	i2p works fairly well , i guess
1	damn those freedom hating hackers and their child pornography why is n't someone doing something about this ?
8	so you 're not going to worry till it 's too late
7	right i'm sure thomas will recuse himself this time for whatever bribes he took from the lobbyists
2	so what you 're saying is its just as bad as before the world has always been shit
4	yes and a very frustrating one although the guy with the upvotes has the better definition of industry
3	think of the children !
4	your comment is hilarious d
6	i do n't know why you 're being downvoted , you 're completely right while i do support their cause , their " reporting " is utter trash
4	fapping in a house with plexiglass walls ? challenge accepted
4	great article
2	the world is slowly becoming a shit hole only those with money born with money can enjoy life while others are subjected to various " laws " its going back to the earlier days when the rich british royals sat on their ass while everyone worked under them
4	i'm not particularly worried about this if protect ip somehow is passed , the supreme court will smite it down so fast the riaa will shit themselves
2	stupid sensationalist title taken out of context
6	yes , in reference to the censorship of websites devoted to file sharing prosecuting copyright infringement is not censorship but shutting down or blocking sites that tell you how to infringe copyright is censorship you still have n't explained why you included a quote which is irrelevant to your comment
6	manifesto of the communist party ?
2	except not really the point of the copyright is to give distributors who invest in producing content ( extremely expensive ) the ability to have a monopoly on its production , which is super cheap the digital world has n't changed this at all , in fact its made the up front investment in producing a work an even bigger portion of the total cost of production movies and games simply would not be viable to produce without copyright , at least in the private sector the argument also seems to be built on the idea that the prices of content used to be proportional to the cost of distributing it which has never been true , at least in the past couple hundred years if it was , artists would not be paid
2	yes , the author explained this in his article i still feel that his wording and implication was intentional , which is all i was saying
1	clearly they both downvoted the comment !
8	you should n't tempt them
5	sadly , no amount of attacking the carrier is ever going to tackle the creation of the stuff
5	we should all have to live in plexiglas cubes with no furniture sadly , i see that as a growing possibility for the future
5	however , unlike msnbc , we do not have direct trusted lines into stupid people 's brains ftfy
2	because we do n't want to be as stupid as they are , and that we respect the people we are addressing we do n't want to use the same tactics because we do not think that the general population is stupid , as they happen to assume
2	this headline is an outrageous case of syllogistical perversion , all written media uses headlines , ergo all written journalism falls into a permanent accidental fallacy
4	i'm going to have to agree with you on this one while i can get behind the statement that the lobby is only bringing up cp to further heir own agenda , and would n't think twice about it otherwise , i'm having a hard time extending that logic to " they 're actively trying to hide crimes against children " ( not to say the lobby 's argument is n't bs , because it totally is )
4	why do we not use their tactics ? lets cherry pick that quote " child pornography is great " , johan schl ter anti piracy lobbier
5	i hear the copyright lobby raped and killed a girl in <>
8	exploiting in a different way abused children worldwide when someone uses , as mean to reach is goals , other people distress
6	i doubt it the storage and transmission method is n't built for speed , so even if everyone in the world was connected to it via fat pipes , it would be sluggish most of the time afaik it 's still the go to protocol for things you ca n't or should n't find anywhere else recently i 've been thinking about replacements not for cp specifically , but to generally further the cause of a censorship resistant internet the current frontrunner is a <> clone where attachments turn into torrents and every page includes " torrentclient js , " but that still leaves a lot of users with a lot of other users ' ip addresses and some presumably traceable initial seeding behavior
1	shut up they do not need more ideas
3	interesting looks like the people in singapore just have to worry about anything they download ( in their country it is against the law to chew gum , or to forget to flush the toilet ( http en wikipedia org wiki law of singapore ) )
4	this depends entirely on your opinion of intellectual property and freedom of information should you believe people can own an idea or the media that they create , you would be inclined to agree that it is not censorship but enforcement of property rights in my opinion , intellectual property is a completely broken system it worked before we had systems that could copy and distribute data in microseconds , when we had to physically press vinyl records , produce film rolls , and use printing presses to distribute books the digital world of the last thirty years has put an end to this line of thinking , and our laws simply do n't work with it the prices of content used to be proportional to the cost of distributing it it now is so cheap to distribute a song or an hd movie that prices have been inflated proportional to the costs of manufacturing that media no , piracy is not a pricing problem , the pricing problem is a symptom of a much larger issue technology far outpaces the efforts of legislation to enforce intellectual property as information becomes easier to publish and obtain , many forms of publishing will rise that enhance the plausible deniability of participants eventually , at some abstract level , it is impossible to distinguish " intellectual property " from speech it becomes raw information that cannot be filtered or censored this is not a pipe dream , this is the reality of the technologies that we have seen developed in the last decade this is hard for people to grasp , let alone politicians a majority of the industrialized world 's global economy has some ( in ) direct dependence on intellectual property ( mostly on patents ) , and in a world where even a slight amount of piracy is tolerable you must prepare for all piracy to be tolerable any idea why software patents have caused such a stir , while other types of patents have n't been met with as much criticism ? not only does software have a deep connection with natural laws and mathematic principles ( for example , programming patterns or virtual machine optimizations ) , but holding a monopoly over an idea that can be distributed and recreated with little effort and resources is absurd this is the basis by which intellectual property of all forms ( including copyright ) have been abused and are only counter productive to society at this point the world is changing drastically , and the perception of blocking copyright infringing content can amount to censorship it is the artificial introduction of scarcity , and it no longer serves the purpose of incentivizing innovation people now have a natural incentive to produce content , and content is extremely easy and cheap to produce these days anyway
2	what does your post have to do with your quote ? one refers to " a monopoly that starves the public of culture " , the other to censorship
2	that is such a fucking bullshit argument their using from the same logic since i can download cp through a regular stream downloading should be illegal also since i could take a cp picture through my phone and message it that means cellphones should be illegal fuck this noise
6	i think the real problem is being glossed over the article mentioned that getting an executive hooked up with an ipad can quickly turn into a pilot to get sales on ipads to me , that tells me that companies are broken far more deeply than the article otherwise suggests why would the executive be exempt from the rules and policies he or she signed off on ? if the executive has helped shape or even just signed off on the policies that control how new technology is introduced , then they should be following those policies if the ceos want ipads , let them sponsor and champion projects to that end rather than dictating a break from policy that forces unprepared systems to simply absorb them
7	yea it 's because the backlash when becoming dhs made the coast guard " not military " although part of the " armed forces " thanks to all the butt hurt , the coast guard now gets mil and cacs , etc why they are n't just a part of the navy i have no clue
6	good call i forgot that the air force uses " af " instead of the longer airforce in their addresses the navy uses navy mil , and i think the marines use usmc mil , the army uses army mil , and the coast guard uses uscg mil
4	ah you might be right this page ( http www uscg mil access ) lists both
4	wow , this might just be an easier way to get the password to my army e mail than fucking with the help desk
4	well , that 'll save china a lot of work
4	all of this anonymous shit reminds me of timothy leary 's over the top promotion of lsd in the <> it 's more detrimental than helpful while i appreciate the work that they 're doing , this is just one more reason for the powers that be to clamp down on internet anonymity and the like
6	are the passwords encrypted or what , i want to know if i should waste my bandwidth downloading this
1	in the ultimate irony , the original antisec manifesto from back in <> was all about the irresponsibility of full disclosure that same manifesto was re posted when imageshack was compromised eight years later the manifesto criticised the 's ecurity industry ' for using full disclosure to develop 's care tactics ' to convince people into by security are you listening , operation antisec ? find the flaws , publish your successes if you must , but have the decency to spare the innocent victims of your activities obscure personal data before you publish otherwise you are considerably worse than those you are attempting to shame
4	i heard about this yesterday on my ride home from work <> minutes later there was a commercial for booze allen 's cyber security solutions and how " great " they were i almost had to pull off the road i was laughing so hard
6	this is actually a great comparison tim leary 's promotion of lsd and other drugs did n't have enough connection between the medium and the message all drugs and no substance in the same way , i'm sure it 's possible for hackers to leak military info , but the potential for actual good deeds and positive effect on the community has been overshadowed by bullshit hack me some real shit and do good in the world , do n't release e mails of soldiers where does that get us ?
2	you are making no sense
2	a " shady whitehat company " is one which does things that are bordering on illegal or unethical like hb gary and other firms that the government employs for nefarious purposes , while claiming to be good , straight forward infosec organizations
4	brigade picnic this wednesday ! make sure you pick up your tickets ! battalion quartley award ceremony in building <> next monday ! farwell luncheon at los rancheros for col mcduderface today ! and they wonder why i do n't read emails
3	no he is expressing a common fear
1	i would buy a renault car in a snap if they bloody sold them in fucking north america rage
6	are you with the mit news office ? if not , you 're not to read the article
2	oooooh so that ' s how you get superstar race car drivers to get nearly naked on tv be a glamour boy ( https www youtube com watch ? v e7fx6sal0zw )
2	what i want to know is , who thought it was a great idea to be over a billion dollars in debt the companies declined to provide a purchase price , but people familiar with the matter said the deal is worth <> <> billion , roughly half of which is debt
4	" a consumer will be able to create the network topologies required for deploying their applications in the cloud "
5	assange has been in detention for a bit this might be putting a damper on things over at wikileaks
4	give credit to the shrinking attention span for anything of importance and people 's current cover person are soooo sparkly
6	what bank will you change to that does n't use visa or mastercard ?
6	yeah i'm still wondering where the relevance is too if i wanted to read about this , i would have gone to r politics or r wikileaks
5	predatory financial activities are usually in a convenient grey area , which is why nobody has been prosecuted for the gfc
4	so they do n't process transactions for peta , greenpeace , the kkk , the republican party , the democrat party , and so on
4	of course there 's a big difference between the illegal activities that governments use to make money and the illegal activities that make governments look bad the same goes for the use of armed conflict , etc not to mention the convenient use of the term " illegal " and " international law " ( i'm looking at you , america and britain )
2	assange not being able to leave is house is a huge deal he wont be seen at important places no walking out of interviews inside of stations or walking out of huge court houses with hordes of press this died down the talk between the masses distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well
1	asperger 's riddled morons ? have i missed something ?
4	good luck however bitcoin is why bitcoin failed
3	note to non europeans this is not a lawsuit it 's a complaint to the eu 's dg iv ( competition commission ) demanding that they <> take emergency interim action reinstating the contractual arrangements in place before visa mastercard ordered teller to terminate datacell 's ability to process payments <> conduct a full investigation into visa mastercard 's actions with respect to violation of articles <> & <> of the treaty on the functioning of the eu it 's about abuse of dominant market position it 's worth noting that eu competition law ( and this may be unique to the eu for all i know ) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position , but also to act with " social responsibility " dg iv is the commission responsible for the <> intel fine they have teeth and do n't care one bit about how many lawyers visa and mastercard can afford to line up in a row
4	hope this goes through also , as someone who check out r wikileaks every day up until about february , i am a bit disappointed that the attention to them seems to have died down its a bit past due to put out all that unbelievably damning information on boa that they promised in nov of last year
4	feel free to mail a check
4	keyword possibly violating laws also , visa and mastercard still allow donations to the ku klux klan , so your argument is completely invalid
6	can someone tell me how they 're violating laws ? as i see it , the people leaking the documents to wikileaks are violating the laws
4	there should be a presumption of innocence here , otherwise they could blockade anyone with the words " possibly violating laws " of course i 'd expect the financial system to help the authorities but i still think they should request court orders before blacklisting people otherwise what 's next ? political blacklists for people in the wrong party ? the rule of law is about making people play according to published standards , not making ad hoc decisions for political gain
6	you really do n't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world ? there have been hundreds and thousands of examples of us companies violating laws locally and abroad why draw the line here and now ? as you said , it 's a business their intent is to maximize profits visa and mastercard run the credit card industry worldwide consumers have little choice between the two so continuing to service wikileaks transactions could only mean greater profits payment processors would never be " on the hook " for actions wikileaks takes can you cite a law or precedent which led you to such a conclusion ?
2	it was clearly not business decision for obvious reason credit card companies stop doing business with companies that take in payments for products and for some reason do n't deliver there was no fear of that because wikileaks was taking donations even if wikileaks would have been deemed terrorist organization later , there would have been zero risks for credit card companies working with wikileaks before that they are obliged to follow only legal orders from government officials , not pressure that happens behind the doors
1	if i go buy a gun on my visa and kill you with it , your family ca n't sue visa try again
2	i used my card on an adult webcam site once , visa shut my card off the next day i called and was pretty upset that i suddenly could n't use it , and they told me that i had some charges that they ca n't allow , so they assumed it was stolen
2	the apple twins are lying to you but you 'll believe them , because dammit they 're just so cute
2	if that really is the reason , i do n't understand how credit card processors can even keep open one day every organisation out there is possibly violating laws all over the world should n't they make things easy for themselves and let the courts decide whether something is illegal or not ? whether someone is a criminal or not ? innocent until proven guilty , you know
2	i worked for an independent sales office that sold merchant accounts for a while we were told we were n't allowed to sign up doctor 's offices that performed abortions or medical marijuana dispensaries because the guys who owned the company did n't believe in those things
5	the difference is that child pornography is actually illegal also , their payment provider is n't threatening to report illegal activity to the police they 're threatening to simply cut payments they ca n't report the activity as illegal because it 's not illegal
4	ah , we know someone 's losing an argument badly when they bring child pornography into an unrelated thread ! p
4	i little off topic , but kind of relevant i had an atm machine malfunction and destroy my debit card on a a saturday afternoon i inserted my card , the screen kind of flickered , and it told me to insert my card again , then came a horrible grinding noise i had no card and no cash i called wellsfargo , fairly upset they said i would be able to get a new card mailed to be and that they were sorry regardless , i had to borrow money to pay for food and gas saturday night and all of sunday what if i had been traveling ? what if i was in the middle of new york with only a debit card and an atm machine grinds it to pieces , what the fuck would i do ? !
6	well , i for one is chocked the dude is still alive just because we expect something to happen it does n't mean it 's right , though
1	most certainly fucking not ! ! ! !
2	i 'd imagine that at some point they do if they know what the charge is going towards with these twins its a gray area but let 's say a someone is using their visa card to pay to some child pornography ring monthly and it is quite obvious from the name of the charge i believe the credit card company or at the very least someone in that company should notify the police but like i said , in the twins case i do not have a solid yes or no
2	how could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them that would be because of the us supreme court decision new york times co v united states , <> u s <> ( <> ) ( http en wikipedia org wiki new york times co v united states ) next stupid question , please
2	that 's what journalist do all the time , i do n't understand
2	two words , media coverage four words why ?
2	visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit i do n't think so to decide , we 'd both have to read " articles <> and <> of the e u treaty , which deal with competition among businesses and forbid the creation of anti competitive cartel " have you ? edit i 'll explain my reasoning in some more detail there are conflicting rights here the right to freedom of association ( even for large corporations ) is the one that you raised there is also the right to freedom from discrimination on arbitrary criteria e g that a bar should not stop someone coming in if their skin is the wrong colour now the usa generally sees freedom of association as more important and europe generally sees freedom from discrimination as more important your values are not universal this case is in europe , as the phrase " file a complaint with the e u commission " makes clear so your statement that they can do business with whoever they want is basically false in europe in the case of a bar , you could always find another bar that does like your kind , but when visa , mastercard , and paypal are all shutting you out ( and transparently obviously with no real reason other than the us government leaned on them ) then you are seriously disadvantaged
4	they prohibit customers from directly or indirectly engaging in or facilitating any action that is illegal ? wow that should cover a lot of people in the banking industry
4	so mastercard should stop taking payments for things that are bought from spammers those guys are breaking the law , right ?
5	you really do n't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world ? it 's not a moral judgement , it 's a business decision the risk of processing the transactions is n't worth the reward of the transaction fees if ( if ) wikileaks gets in a bunch of trouble , payment processors do n't want to be on the hook under any odd legal statutes i do n't understand why you think it 's a legitimate use of government power to force company a to do business with company b , especially when it has no net effect on the citizen consumer
6	to be fair , visa mc big banks were caught by surprise when the durbin amendment ( capping debit card interchange fees ) was added to the dodd frank act ( http www reuters com article <> <> <> creditcards shares idusn1815625320100518 ) granted , visa mc have managed to soften the blow ( http www ibtimes com articles <> <> debit card interchange fees durbin amendment fed visa mastercard american express dodd frank htm ) prior to implementation , but it will still cost the big banks billions of dollars ( http online wsj com article bt co <> <> html ) per year
4	depends on how you see it some people like to live in regions which ensure that a cartel ca n't choose to censor whoever they like but blocking money flow i can see your side , but it 's just the rules of the place if they want to work in the eu , they have to abide by its rules
4	i think something like bitcoin is the future of currency the problem with bitcoin , though , is that they engineered it to go right into a deflation spiral no currency can survive without introducing money supply into an economy , because economies increase the total wealth as a matter of course every time someone builds something , or puts an hour of work into something , wealth is created that wealth needs to be represented by a new dollar , or else the current dollars gain value if current dollars gain value , then no one spends , and if no one spends , then the few dollars being spent again gain value ( since they 're the only ones that are n't hidden ) , encouraging people again to spend less , etc eventually , the money is hoarded instead of spent , until a new currency is adopted out of necessity usually some form of barter or commodity , which makes all those hoarded dollars useless this is n't speculation this is a pattern that has happened in history many times , such as the <> century crisis in rome there 's no mystery to what happens to a currency that does n't inflate along with the gdp of the economy but , i bet something like bitcoin will happen , as an emergent phenomenon ( as soon as a model that does n't deflate is created ) it seems inevitable peer to peer networking is unstoppable , and the security measures of the idea are fundamental when the next " bitcoin " happens , the old systems will be helpless to prevent it it 's like a bullet that can kill the beast , but it has n't been loaded yet i think it 's exciting
3	the problem was atrocious security on one of the main exchanges " asperger 's riddled morons " as you call them have nothing to do with devaluing of the currency
6	wut ? how is the currency damaged ? what flaws are you specifically talking about ? if you 're thinking of the recent mt gox debacle then you misunderstood what happened
4	they also use their authority to control adult websites the apple twins have said the reason they do n't get more intimate on their website is that their payment provider has threatened to stop taking payments if they step over the line
4	assume that the eu 's commission just ruled that stopping payments to wikileaks was the most " socially responsible " steps visa and mastercard could have taken at the time do you still love that law ?
4	its not stealing , its voluntary whistleblowing and it would n't be necessary if governments would just be transparent in the first place
4	it 's not their decision to make if they 're in a position of monopoly ( iirc anything over <> market control is considered a monopoly and has to abide by extra rules to keep operating within the eu borders , as detailed in article <> of the eu competition law )
2	there are people who take wikileaks seriously ? i just assumed the op was making a joke i thought it was hilarious
2	thats not how the world works though people ( the masses ) need to put a face behind a movement so when they think about the information , they have a warm feeling inside that someone is " handling it " all of our recent presidents have been puppets rulers of this world understand this concept theoretically , yes people should just focus on the information , but if you look at whats going on this does not work wikileaks has released a lot over the last year , but nothing has gotten press like it did when assange was out there talking about it
2	what fanfare are you referring to ?
5	that 's not correct the reason they were introducing diluted coins is because their money was backed with gold , and you do n't have total control of how much new gold you can introduce into the money supply when they could n't find more gold something they have little control over no new money was being introduced to represent new wealth being generated by regular work when new money is not being introduced into an economy , it causes deflation to combat this , they minted diluted coins as well as went on military campaigns to win more gold both are silly solutions when the actual sickness is a lack of money supply due to the availability of gold , a completely arbitrary backing so , no the dilution of the coins was not due to inflation it was a reaction to rampant deflation this caused what is best explained by gresham 's law " bad " money is spent first , while " good " money becomes hoarded because they had to mint dubious coins due to deflation , some coins were more valuable than others , even though the government wished for the people to value them all the same so , every time it came time to buy something , if you had a dubious coin , and you also had a " good " coin , you would keep the good coin for another day and spend the " bad " coin whenever you could the result of this is that the attempt to mint " bad " coins to make up for a lack of money supply did not solve the deflation , since the money was still backed by a totally arbitrary substance gold and the real gold was still being hoarded away the only way in that situation to bring back confidence in the money was to either introduce enough gold into the economy to actually represent the gdp something that could only be done at that point by conquest , causing more military spending or to abandon the completely uncontrollable and arbitrary gold backing , which is what modern economies have done
4	visa had a <> market share in europe back in <> source ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> business worldbusiness <> visa <> html ) , i doubt it 's less than half nowadays you 're referring to article <> , the one that deals with cartels , article <> is about holding a dominant market position which is the one they seem to be violating ( ie blocking access to wikileaks donations which in turn blocks access for large part of the population ) edit here 's the integral text ( http eur lex europa eu lexuriserv lexuriserv do ? uri oj c <> <> <> <> en pdf ) points b ) , c ) and d ) seem to apply
2	they sound just like another company , greedy for money it sucks you 're getting downvoted this is the fact that many people fail to realize assange wanted to make money off of his leaks when he could n't find a buyer he attempted to raise awareness of his " cause " by being as dramatic about it as possible
2	sure , but do credit card companies have the right to police it ?
2	but incest is still looked down upon by <> of america i'm pretty sure the kkk is looked down upon by more than <> of america , but visa and mastercard process donations for them
5	i'm not listening
1	have you guys actually tried to read the doc on that page ? it is absolutely atrocious commas out of place , common words misspelled , terrible sentence structure just begin reading part <> for a few paragraphs are we sure this is legit ? there is no way a serious organization such as wikileaks would " release " such a document no spellcheck ? hm maybe it was scanned in using ocr ?
6	posted in r technology really ? ?
4	well , both of these are why my advice to people traveling is always to have two credit cards from different banks , both of which have been used recently and are paid to date
4	i agree that the credit card companies have a right to refuse to engage in objectively illegal activities but things that are more subjective or based on moral judgements should be left alone
4	thanks for clarifying it for me
4	well assange is alive because he is worthless wikileaks bradley manning 's info assange attention whore with nothing to offer bradley made wiki leaks and when all his info has dried up they will fade away completely as we have already seen them doing
1	unrelated ? i mean i am currently sleep deprived ( go figure for a redditor ) but this spawned from conversation about visa saying they would stop payments for incestuous teens on their website and i likened the incestuous acts to child pornography in that to many it is grotesque and not right i do n't know how it was an argument oh well
2	that was about censoring the media , preventing the government from censoring them they still could of been prosecuted edit i read the whole article , but the summary sums up my point president richard nixon had claimed executive authority to force the times to suspend publication of classified information in its possession the question before the court was whether the constitutional freedom of the press , guaranteed by the first amendment , was subordinate to a claimed need of the executive branch of government to maintain the secrecy of information the supreme court ruled that the first amendment did protect the right of the new york times ' to print the materials this case what not about whether it was legal for them to publish it in the first place
4	this is the best argument for why we need a currency like bitcoin tbqh too bad the asperger 's riddled morons have forever damaged the currency we need a bitcoin <> <> with all the flaws corrected
4	nice hope it works
1	an upvote for andy greenberg
2	while i see the point of both sides , this is ridiculous they do n't have to give them their business it 's their decision to make , they are not obligated to process payments for them
2	even if they are ordered to pay billions in fines , i'm sure it will be reimbursed under the table by the us govt
4	haha i would love to be in the office when they receive the complaint and just ball it up and throw it in the trash seriously fuck wikileaks they are not some bastion of e justice they 're punks who pay people to steal and commit treason they rightly so should n't have access to funding , what the hell are they gonna use the money for besides to pay people to steal more information ?
2	what i do n't understand is why they all colluded to prevent payments in a similar passage of time payment companies are n't supposed to impose moral judgements they process payments that 's their function i consider this a good example of how businesses are deeply in bed with the us government there 's almost no way to distinguish between the two anymore
2	it 's worth noting that eu competition law ( and this may be unique to the eu for all i know ) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position , but also to act with " social responsibility " this law , i'm already loving it
4	there is no way a serious organization hahaha ahahahahahhahahahah hahahahahahahahahaha bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
4	if what wikileaks does is illegal under us law , then each also have clauses in their terms of service allowing them to discontinue payment note that illegal does not require conviction before companies can decide to stop doing business with wikileaks not that i agree , but this is the facts edit only retards downvote without pointing out reasoning flaws ) but that is the new reddit ( digg ? ) way
4	it 's not whistle blowing , everything they 've leaked has been so mind numbingly mundane it just undermines what the original information was meant to be confidential in the first place
4	well i mean sure they ca n't reproduce but incest is still looked down upon by <> of america
4	collapse of roman currency had nothing to do with people hoarding coins roman governments kept introducing coins with ever decreasing silver content , dramatically inflating the money supply and eventually drove the value to the ground that is massive inflation , not deflation
4	it 's assuming that the payment companies are working together like the complaint says , they have to prove that so far i see <> companies not wanting to do business with another company because of it 's questionable and controversial business what pisses me off is that wik leaks is saying they lost <> mil in revenue sounds like they are in the game for the wrong reasons they sound just like another company , greedy for money wikileaks is n't a competitor with mastercard and visa , so i do n't see this having much weight there are probably tons of other payment methods to use in the eu , i do n't see this complaint going anywhere , but eu does have some fucked up laws
4	this is a good point
6	do any banks only deal with discover or amex ?
4	that 's interesting there were all those people claiming that wikileaks should n't surround its releases with so much fanfare but take away the fanfare and no one reads the leaks , not even the old ones
4	it 's morphed from the ' news cycle ' to the ' news vortex ' just remember the end began , may <> of this year
2	are you laughing because 's erious organisations ' make mistakes all the time , or because you think wikileaks is n't to be taken seriously ?
4	distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well assange is the fucking distraction he has nothing to do with wikileaks , other than the fact that he 's a figurehead the focus should be on the information , not someone who has nothing to do with the actual leaking
4	they should absolutely file suit visa , mastercard , paypal they are all guilty of using market dominance unfairly
2	i feel disgusted to be a mastercard customer right now perhaps i should change banks
4	could the visa mastercard execs that signed off on this be charged with conversion of funds ?
4	it 's like the law where you ca n't find a lost iphone prototype and sell it to a shitty blog the person who sold it and the buyer get on trouble because they both know the property did n't belong to them or how it 's against the law knowingly buying stolen items how could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them
4	helping someone else commit a crime is still a crime
4	there is no presumption of innocence visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit
6	why draw the line here and now ? two words , media coverage
3	for them it is all about calculated risk what you said is absolutely correct , every business that makes transactions with them could potentially be breaking laws the difference is that those " everyday " businesses are n't in the limelight and pisses off the powers that be or something like that
3	wl has a very obvious agenda of attacking the united states using stolen classified documents why anyone would be shocked visa does not want to associate with that is just hilarious
3	nope , companies need to prove due diligence if they can reasonably predict and prevent a violation of the law , they can be held accountable if they do not it is a legal grey area of much weaseling and lawyers , but it does exist
4	while i appreciate the way credit card fraud offices operate , i do hope that each of these folks have been on the receiving end of " oh hey , my one credit card suddenly is n't working , i'm in a foreign country , and the only number on my card is an <> number "
4	do you have some credible sources for that ? sounds rather interesting , but really different from what i remember from history classes ( and online sources i could find quickly ) also you mentioned this has happened several times can you give some other examples that i can look into ? just out of curiosity i'm not even arguing against the effects of deflation since i really do n't know enough
5	wikileaks usually attempts to build up hype for major leaks by talking about it in the weeks previous to newspapers , posting about it on twitter , that sort of thing personally , i think it 's no big deal but there are people who claim that wikileaks should 's imply do their job ' and not hype up releases
2	downvoters are lulzsec
2	i guess people do n't give a shit whether lulzsec has their password
8	you 're probably not getting upvoted because you linked to a gawker media site which is n't the most loved network around these parts
4	everything google does is to get more ads in front of your eyes , so this comes as absolutely no surprise
1	they ran out of disk space sh t happens
4	sounds like a great way to earn a visit from the fbi
6	i question how accurate this is , as an iphone user you will probably go to the apple store if your hardware fails also this could be that people are having more technical issues in other areas with other phones lastly it does n't show the number of users for each device calling in , if <> of those calls were for blackberry than we could probably conclude that blackberry has more technical issues due to sheer volume
6	the study , conducted by wds , found that <> percent of all technical support calls for android devices could be traced to a hardware fault , versus <> <> percent for rim blackberry , <> percent for iphones and <> percent for windows phone <> devices could n't that just as easily mean that android devices are less prone to software faults than competitors , so it 's more likely that it takes a hardware failure to actually cause the user to call in ?
6	that is n't what it says
6	or it could just mean what it says android enables an environment where qa is not always at a consistent standard across manufactures there is nothing special about the stability of the android os to suggest it would alter these results in such a dramatic way what is more appropriate to say is " could n't this just as easily mean that the comprable top range android phones from respectable manufactures , are any where from <> <> ? probably closer to <> <> ? " yes , they probably are not significantly worse or better than the competition
6	sounds like a great service , but can i make a suggestion ( it seems you are the founder of openwatch ) ? this is the openwatch voice dropbox , a service for remotely recording encounters with the police and other authority figures this call is now being recorded the proposed soundbite is too long in my opinion people who call the phone number will already know what openwatch is and what the voice dropbox does the current soundbite is unnecessarily long and descriptive also , presumably the longer the soundbite , the longer before the pbx will start recording the call , which is also a negative i think a minimalist approach would work a lot better ( beep ) openwatch , this call is being recorded or just openwatch , recording coincidentally i just received my new studio condenser microphone in the mail today , so i could do a recording or two , but as i said , the current soundbite needs a bit of re working i think
1	whilst i normally ignore all arrogant cocktard replies , ill bite all of what you said in your second paragraph is true , but we are talking about how much speed i get and how many gigs of download i get for what price i pay for it there can be a million other reasons why it costs the amount it does but you ca n't seriously expect me to believe population spread isnt a considerable factor and you cant just use sydney as the example to apply to all of australia how can you so smugly claim im wrong , how can providing internet to <> people in <> square be as cheap expensive as supplying <> people in a <> square area ? what applies to sydney does not apply to where i live and it doesnt apply to where my extended family live i live in wollongong , a commuter town for sydney but with <> minutes of expressway between the <> cities , i get a good connection with a <> party isp because there are <> thousand people living in my city , where as my aunt , uncle and cousins who live in broken hill can only be supplied with shitty telstra adsl1 speeds with crap all gigs with no choice in isp because its simply too expensive for any other to setup shop , there are not enough people there to make the venture profitable internet in wollongong is good purely because there are enough people here for an isp to be able to make a profit now , we can discuss telstras monopoly some other time but for now , you can stick your arrogant attitude up your ass and go annoy someone else
3	lol , when i think of countries like australia what comes to my mind is " omg rich western countries herp derp " but in the poor country that poland is i get <> mbs without any limits for about <> a month these limits are ridiculous , i'm very afraid this will come to us soon ( or shall i say return , cause i remember it back from the <> 's )
4	internode 's customer service has always been the bomb i 've had a great experience so far
4	hey i'm from digg too !
6	never thought of that might apply to canada 's situation as well still , both canada and australia are countries so rich it seems weird to me
5	some people have no alternative
6	iinet have <> cable yet ?
4	i personally recommend internode , i have never ever had a single problem with them , great packages for their cost , <> a month gets me <> <> down speed ( take into account distance from exchange ) , with <> limit then shaped best deal ive seen for my needs , plus , when you call tech support , you speak to a bloody aussie d i dont know about iinet personally but i usually hear internode and iinet recommended as the <> best options
2	does it really need to ? if the isps do this voluntarily , then no government approval is required
2	even in the metro areas i can either go with telstra cable , or i can have adsl1 i dont want the slower speeds from adsl1 , so telstra is my only alternative because telstra fantastically implemented loads of pair gain rim units in my area , which adsl2 does n't work on convincing them to lay copper is nigh on impossible edit or wireless , but that is too dodgy , so nah
6	even better , that " requirement to assist in upholding the law " could be anything website teaches you how to get out of traffic tickets in the au ? banninated file sharing ? delorted !
1	i give a big shit about that that massively undemocratic dick move ( more than the crap legislation the dick move was used to pass actually ) but i am at a loss for anything to do about it , aside from leave
4	great , i have n't been following it ) i just cant imagine any political party not supporting something to control the people
2	your missing the point , it will never get underway without the help of the opposition to pass it , and they have stated on several occassions they will vote it down
4	internode has been rated the best isp in australia for years now http www internode on net news <> <> <> php http bc whirlpool net au internode also have unmetered steam servers as well as lots of other unmetered content so you can download games and other stuff to your hearts content internode is also the only isp that has a free premium usenet service ( via astraweb ) for all of its customers
2	they 'll just block access to the sites that talk about their blocking of access then they 'll block access to their appeals process then they 'll continue in that vein ad nauseum
1	dammit , australia why do have to be so awesome in so many ways , and then ruin it with shit like this ?
5	this thing wont pass , there 's too much pressure on delivering the nbn within the <> billion dollar costing the technology that was put forward for this ' filtering ' is rubbish the initial report was bogus with skewed results there 's no way that this shit will pass though both houses of parliament
4	i 've been living abroad for <> years , but returning to aus soon what 's the best service for gaming and is n't subjected to this ridiculous filtering ? is iinet good for both criteria ? i want a really fast connection with a generous data allowance will be in inner city sydney
4	im with iinet wanna show your support for no net filter do n't buy your coms off telstra or optus )
4	once this shit gets underway , surely someone could write a ( distributed ? ) script to run in a non filtered country that queries random urls ( random letter , number , symbol combos which are syntax valid ) and compile a list of urls that do exist ( throw out the much larger list of urls that do n't exist ) send it to australia to have all of the valid url 's queried in a similar distributed fashion urls that work in neutral country and do n't work in aus are the blocked ones this would compile a nice list to follow " scope creep " just an idea whenever i hear about these filters i just wonder if it 's possible to compare sites i just want to expose the shifty business that governments get up to behind our backs
4	come on americans ! ! ! ! we have to take our country back from big bro wait
2	similiar thing coming into affect in nz soon , except it 's going to be much more worse for the account holder
5	as it stands the telco does not appear to have modified its end user agreement to include a section about filtering so not only are users not explicitly breaking the law by bypassing the filter ( what 's on the other end is a different issue entirely ) , but they 're not acting contrary to the conditions of their contracts so telstra ( and possibly optus ) are just inconveniencing us ? i think that it will go away soon , to be quite honest , but you 're unfortunately correct still , no harm ( very literally ) in firing up tor , jap , or any old vpn at this stage
6	true , but most of their profit in the retail market is coming from metro areas areas which have multiple alternatives what i'm curious to know is whether this filter applies only to customers of telstra optus retail , or whether the scope includes the telco 's wholeshale market as well
7	they take care of your health do n't they ? well then they are perfectly capable of taking care of your internet relax people , government loves you
1	it really should be filtering shit coming out of murdochland instead of the other way around
2	nothing wrong with having a filter , but is wrong that its secret and not subject to independent review
4	i think nz has gone about their implementation in a much better way from nz department of internal affairs ( http www dia govt nz diawebsite nsf wpg url services censorship compliance internet and website filter <> as the digital child exploitation filtering system <> ? opendocument )
7	thanks , australia , for reminding me that there are worse places i could live
4	our government is amazing
5	its likely that the mandatory filter is dead , but the government has succeeded in getting telstra and optus to do the work for them anyway this is similar to the filter that messed up wikipedia in the uk a few years back and afaik several other european countries ( i e finland ) have done so as well its unfortunate us australian 's seem to be the only ones generating sufficient outrage over it
6	are you really that interested in pedofilia ?
4	the truth is that using a disaster like the christchurch earthquake to pass this sort of unpopular legislation is downright despicable , but no one seems to give a shit
4	so is ours ! us
4	i 'd say that our high taxes makes us look rich
2	the possibility of abuse and security breaches just went up greatly i understand exposing corruption , but always risks passwords to email lead to passwords for other critical systems do n't get me wrong , i am all for " standing up for ones selves " but risking the security of a nation
2	leaks ? ahhhh no
7	i wish them luck and profit but why would they enter a market dominated by the ipad even the android tablet makers are getting out of the market
4	i have a set of four passwords i use for pretty much everything they are all over ten characters , include non alphanumeric characters , and are immune to standard dictionary attack even without that they are also extremely easy for me to remember if an account elsewhere requires my e mail as the login id , i do n't use the same password as that e mail account i think i'm good , in general
4	i used to , but recently i 've begun to keep a physical log on me with a list of complex and unique passwords next to each key is a mark of random notation that i remember to relate it to the site , machine , program or file that it relates to i just have to make sure not to lose the little book but the important ones , that i can have information sent to when and if i change the secondary tier 's keys , i have memorized probably overkill , but fuck getting screwed because of not having enough security
1	i would argue in this case anonops is better off without those members at least they took consideration of innocents e g attacking front facing websites instead of the actual pci , credit card databases , etc they also did n't type like a <> year old in their pr
4	that 's amazing i 've got the same combination on my luggage
4	pretty much everyone has some form of password reuse i think it 'd be hard to find people that did n't do this
4	thats probably more secure than a short password because in order to hack their account , you would need to be in their office defended by actual gaurds with guns rather than a firewall
4	does n't mean members ca n't be or were a part of both i picture them as i would a video game community you have a gaming clan team , the clan gets so big and popular people 's egos take over and groups within the clan form these groups eventually break off and form new clans and the drama repeats seems to be the same in hacker groups apparently as well , same people different name
4	the officers ' e mail passwords are also included , and demonstrate a very low level of awareness of computer security passwords include " <> " , " rosebud " , and officers ' badge numbers wait , people seriously use the password " <> " ? how very sad
4	lulzsec claims that it targeted arizona law enforcement in response to arizona 's controversial anti immigration law , saying that it opposes the law itself , and " the racial profiling anti immigrant police state that is arizona " i thought they were just in it for the lulz ?
4	so is it safe to assume at this point lulzsec is anonomous just rebranded ? they 've already picked up the political torch , all we need now are poorly written manifestos and i wo n't be able to tell the two apart
3	apparently the documents included police officers ' home addresses and names of informants
5	so their answer to a law they do n't like is to make those responsible for enforcing it more vulnerable ? i could see going after those who passed it , but this is just stupid and irresponsible innocent people could get killed because of their asshattery
4	up next at the insistence of gov jan brewer and sheriff joe arpaio , the arizona legislature passes a bill that mandates immediate execution and subsequent deportation of any person caught using the internet in any form
3	chaos for authority lulz
4	they are sb <> was amended with hb <> within a week of its signing to correct the language that was criticized ( http www azleg gov formatdocument asp ? indoc legtext <> <> bills hb2162c htm & session id <> ) however , when you look up sb <> , you see the original language , which is unavoidable because that is the unchanging language of the bill ( and not the actual statute ) moreover , the more controversial parts of the bill were enjoined from enforcement by federal courts ( http en wikipedia org wiki arizona sb <> hearings and rulings ) , so arizona is n't doing those things whatever racist law enforcement policies arizona may be using , they are n't founded in sb <> within the state , the controversy over sb <> has largely been that of state vs federal government , rather than arizona vs immigrants , and that was the controversy that united a fractured republican base ( fractured on the issue of illegal immigration , ironically ) behind governor brewer but i digress lulzsec misses the point , which does n't disappoint me because i did n't have expectations to disappoint , but it bothers me that this flimsy justification is given for intentionally putting law enforcement personnel and valid security objectives at risk give me a better rationale and i 'd be validly conflicted , but as it stands i have to condemn lulzsec for their work here
5	yeah that 's pretty sad on an unrelated note , i need to change the combination to my luggage
6	you 'd be surprised how most individuals in regards to technology both in public and private sectors in general use very simple passwords , and password reuse
2	" so the combination is one , two , three , four , five ? that 's the stupidest combination i 've ever heard in my life ! the kind of thing an idiot would have on his luggage ! "
2	i would argue in this case anonops is better off without those members at least they took consideration of innocents e g attacking front facing websites instead of the actual pci , credit card databases , etc they also did n't type like a <> year old in their pr pertinent copper crucible how the arizona miners ' strike of <> recast labor management relations in america ( ilr press books ) ( http www amazon com gp product <> ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin <> )
5	even worse , during the cold war , the soviets had many of their higher ups using extremely long and complicated passwords unfortunately , none of them could remember their passwords , so they kept a piece of paper with it on their desk
2	i thought anonops and lulzsec had some bad blood ?
2	sort of they 're affiliated with the anon ircs & this release is an antisec release from an anonymous " boat " they 're likely from one of the higher numbered chans & they are also very likely present here for my amusement i 've been following their trail wherever it did n't seem likely to get me bothered
2	like anonymous , but funnier and more effective also they seem to be a small group with individuality instead of an amorphous collective which anyone can claim to represent
4	lulzsec has already stated that they are what anonymous was before the carefags appropriated the name
5	what 's really bothersome to me about lulzsec is n't the indiscriminate nature of the attacks ( though i'm most definitely with you wholeheartedly with that ) it 's the danger that poses to the groups that are legitimately trying to release valuable information for the integrity of democracy and transparency when high profile can be given to a group that 's " in it for the lulz , " it puts all of us at a disadvantage and when governmental and private security organizations are looking at the best and most advantageous manners in which to pinpoint vulnerabilities or to extend their oversight capabilities , this can very quickly and directly lead to a full scale lockdown on all activity the way i see it is that we 've always had the existence of hackers out to investigate public agencies & private corporations and we 've always had those out to steal personal information for kicks or monetary gain i imagine the government threw a party with all the big , major players getting shit faced when some dumb ass <> yr old kids decided to go at it all for the lulz
2	give me a better rationale lulz ?
1	there is no official recall demanded by hdmi llc since we do n't make products but license the spec this should be headlined as hdmi llc assholes with shitty licensing rules worst case scenario is that american companies like apple can no longer sell their own branded cable however , this does n't mean that any manufacturer will suddenly stop making them ( they 're all based in china and wo n't really give a fuck ) or that no one will be able to purchase them online most likely outcome is that a group of companies spearheaded by apple pay them to simply change the rules
2	this article is ridiculous , the products on apple 's page are legal as per the hdmi spec as the hdmi people are saying that any cables with male hdmi outputs must be hdmi to hdmi apple 's are female hdmi to male displayport
1	apple you just taught us a new word
6	wait , you ' re mad at apple for this ? ! ? ! i do n't get you edit realize that apple 's display port is a free and open standard , while hdmi is a licensed greedy standard
1	displayport has an advantage over hdmi in that it is royalty free hdmi is just butt hurt
8	since when is making out of spec cables illegal ? this just means they ca n't put the hdmi logo on the packaging i doubt they care from an engineering standpoint there 's nothing wrong with adapter cables , and there 's definitely nothing against the law about them
8	hey hdmi that 's stupid i have hdmi to dvi cables up the wazoo here , are those illegal too ?
1	i think this may be worth repeating as i understand it , neither owning nor purchasing these cables is illegal it 's the companies actually producing them that are breaking the law although this is still shitty for end users , it wo n't land any of them in trouble , like some of the ridiculous anti piracy laws we have
4	absolutely agree with what was said but this article would be wayyy more useful once the site goes live at the end of the month
1	how dare you submit something vaguely critical of the chosen company 's newest product ! downvotes for you !
2	i do n't see why that could n't be achieved , but i personally do n't think it would be as visually pleasing to have everything in focus
4	i 'd love to see this used to make everything in focus at once
4	you can pick what you want in focus also and what you do not want in focus click on the pictures and you can set the focus how you like it http www lytro com picture gallery
4	you can pick what you want in focus also and what you do not want in focus
2	sure , the specific systems do n't hold taxpayer data , but what information can be gained from those servers to access systems that do ? weak response from the irs seems they just are avoiding panic and preventing calls or emails to them about it
3	frightening ! waiting for my toaster to pop up and revolt
6	i wonder what the eu will have to say about that ?
2	the " right " ? no , no they do not the ability ? the access ? i have no doubt that they do however , anything you give half a shit about should be encrypted before placing it on any network accessible storage
5	jesus christ it 's gotten this bad when they said they were priming the younger generation to be fine with surveillance on a whole new level we believed them , but we did n't think it 'd be this bad ( yes they have to , at least in many countries around the world
6	so should we be getting people 's explicit consent before forwarding their emails to other people ?
1	what countries ? generally if x sends mail to y , y can show that mail to third parties without having to obtain consent from x i do n't see how this would be any different
5	they may be able to get away with it by the fact that its an automatic process if you think of spam filtering it works the same way ( automatic analyzing of email contents ) , and no one is complaining there people are just unhappy about the fact that instead of doing something useful and desired by the user ( spam filtering ) , the contents are instead used to generate advertising revenue
3	who 's on first ?
5	they 're not do they have to ?
6	uhh yes ! ?
1	yes ? the equivilant is me opening all your mail for a bit of a read before you get to
4	probably , yes especially if the person who sent you the message is under the impression that they are in private communications with you
5	i 'd say this is at least illegal in the scandinavian countries ca n't really speak for anyone else , of course edit dislike all you want , law is law if you want to read about it , it 's in " lov <> <> <> nr <> lov om behandling av personopplysninger " see especially <> and <> ( norway ) for sweden , you have <> <> " personuppgiftslagen " you can also look at directive <> <> ec for an eu wide law concerning this , though i'm not sure if it 's as strict if you want some precedents i might be able to cough up something
6	how is this different to what gmail has been doing forever ? does gmail only scan sent messages ? i am sure i have seen ads that made me think they also scan received messages
2	because yahoo ! mail , which ? computing has learned man , punctuation abuse really does n't help readability
4	really this is n't that bad it 's similar to what gmail does the title is completely misleading it scans any e mail that comes in to your inbox and any e mail you send , but you can opt out of the targeted marketing aspect
4	um , gmail has been doing this for years btw , yahoo also scans every im you send try sending a filestube link to someone over yahoo im
4	good i was looking for a reason to block all yahoo com addresses and was n't sure if the current amount of advertising was enough to justify it
1	yahoo ! 's only catching up with what google 's been doing with gmail
5	this is n't anything new your email is n't any less secure by allowing the new terms the email is permanently on their servers and can be acquired with a warrant the only thing that had changed is how they process them automatically , devoid of any human interaction same as spam filtering the op 's headline is also a bit misleading yahoo wo n't ( and have no way to ) scan the mailboxes of senders rather , they are saying they will also scan incoming emails
1	damn ? ! brands ! ? and their stupid punctuation in them !
2	i do n't understand how they can scan people 's emails who do n't use yahoo !
2	the fact that the only email i get from yahoo com is spam is reason enough
2	hope you 're blocking gmail as well
2	i do to but does gmail scan your sender 's emails ? because you might be giving consent , but they are not this wording by yahoo ! is hilarious " if you consent to this atos and communicate with non yahoo ! users using the services , you are responsible for notifying those users about this feature " when the hell are you meant to do that ?
4	sorry , i thought that was clear more context in the link obviously
3	they ca n't they can scan emails that are sent to you the reddit title is shamefully misleading
4	you do n't have to notify them but if you want them to know , it 's up to you to tell them
4	well you expect them to check for spam when you sign up , not for them to check for keywords to advertise
4	yes they gave consent when they hit send to a yahoo com email address
6	instead of spending <> minutes to reformat ?
1	i bought a brand new asus laptop from best buy a while back that was riddled with viruses and malware i returned the laptop and picked up a macbook pro i have n't looked back since
4	he computer was the best one they made and still was a squeaky plastic hunk of junk also , it only came with a recovery disk that , guess what had viruses on it the macbook pro is machined out of a solid hunk of aluminum that was two years ago and it gets better and more comfortable over time the thing is built to last , not built to be replaced
4	shame because asus actually builds better quality hardware
1	and it locks up like a bitch <> more than firefox <> fact
2	these jokes about chrome and firefox 's version numbers are getting old yes , it 's silly that chrome and firefox release a new major version number every <> weeks i agree but there are much more interesting things to talk about in the new versions of both of those browsers , than the version numbers
4	but firefox <> will be here soon ! with more turbines to make it go <> as fast !
2	they 're just numbers , why is there so much bitching about it ?
4	hahahah i think they skipped a few numbers
6	ff8 is <> more than ff5 , but only <> faster ? come on mozilla
1	and it locks up like a bitch <> more than firefox <> fact
6	did i miss something what happened to <> and <> ? or are they developing <> versions forward and we have to wait <> more versions for ff to get good ?
2	iirc , adblock plus is out for chrome now which proactively blocks ads from loading in the first place my gripes with chrome ium they 're not as configurable as firefox i like the address bar to select itself on click ( in linux , where this is n't default behavior on most browsers ) in firefox i can edit about config , in chrome there 's no way i do n't like how chrome applies a yellow background to text boxes that it has saved passwords for ( at least with the google toolbar for firefox , you could disable this behavior in chrome you ca n't do anything about it ) only workaround is for the web designers themselves to override chrome 's style with ` ! important` in the css
2	applications that have memory fragmentation and inefficient caching are inefficient performance in terms of speed actually depends on both layout and size
4	this is a fascinating , original argument so are cpu cycles , power , hard drive space and gpu cycles there exists a term that is spelled something like " efficient " and its what programs should be and why this is an issue
6	wait this article is on firefox <> , we 're currently on <> but <> does what ? what the fuck happened to their versioning ? why is it so arbitrary ?
6	i thought this was a joke seriously i waited for the punchline
2	but there are much more interesting things to talk about in the new versions of both of those browsers , than the version numbers except when a version number change means you end of life the previous one ( http mike kaply com <> <> <> understanding the corporate impact comment <> ) and will no longer support it , weeks after release
6	do n't get me wrong , i do n't particularly care either way i'm just wondering why there is such a sudden increase in the pace of integer releases surely people who are keen on good web browsers wont be particularly swayed by a number difference ?
2	the numbering system does n't matter what did the old system do that is so much better than this ? version numbers in software usually do n't mean much , its mostly arbitrary
2	that makes it impossible to every do ' breaking ' updates you need a way to let people know " extension x works in ffy , but will break in ffz ' obviously , you try to minimize such breakages , but sometimes they are necessary
6	google branding ? the icons are different colors that 's it right ? i 'd argue running a browser that does n't auto update is less secure at worst a vulnerability is out long enough for google to notice and patch it if i have to be watching out for updates there 's another delay
1	the old numbering system was far far better mozilla seems to be going full retard with the numbering system what the fuck happened to ff6 ?
4	i see where you are coming from , but plugin compatibility does not need to be the basis for compatibility checking in fact mozilla will automatically scan the contents of addons on addons mozilla org to check for compatibility , that is , to check whether there are actual compatibility issues that 's much better than a version number check second thing , even version numbers are not a solution here say mozilla called firefox <> instead firefox <> <> addons could still say they are only compatible with <> and not <> <> and in the other direction , they could say they are compatible with <> x , but <> <> can be incompatible with <> <> , just like chrome <> can be with chrome <> these rapid releases are not guaranteed to be compatible with each other for that reason , automatic compatibility checking is the best solution , not version number checking yes , there are problems with that approach too , and this is a time of changing from one way of doing things to another so there are annoyances , i am with you there but i do n't think there is an obviously better way of doing things
2	i might get downvoted for this , but honestly , they 'd rather work on the memory consumption that has driven me away from firefox for so long , than working on speed for right now
6	do i still have to restart when i install or remove an extension ?
2	applications that do n't use the maximum available memory are inefficient
2	this confused me too i thought it was a joke satire article comparing a future version of firefox to a future version of chrome
4	memory is there to be used , free memory is a waste of money
6	adblock already blocks downloads ( https chrome google com webstore detail gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom ) and has for some time the only major addon that i 've found does n't work properly on chrome is noscript and why would i use chromium that i have to build myself ? what advantages does it offer for the huge increase in inconvenience ?
4	i like the syncing with my google account i 've been using gmail for years now , and chrome since it came out <> years ago , so it 's difficult to go back i do use ff occasionally , but the web apps extensions , and syncing is just better i know that ff has more extensions , but it is missing one crucial one that chrome has ca n't live without it
2	until they get adblock for chrome to proactively block ads ( and thus save bandwidth reduce exposure to malware ) rather than retroactively removing them done some time ago the capability to do so was added to webkit for safari extensions , and adopted by chrome
4	idk , but when it went from <> to <> it broke i 'll download that when i get home though
4	i see news stories about chrome and stories about firefox they usually mention the version number that 's not google and mozilla to blame though
6	that 's fine who wants to run a year old browser ?
4	they have set milestones that i ca n't find quickly right now , sort of braindead at the moment do n't quote me exactly on this , but essentially <> was an enhancement to get a bunch of css3 html5 features up to snuff , <> is focused on performance ( i believe ) , <> is lowering memory usage , <> is more speed basically they are still doing more than minor fixes but instead of devoting months if not years of wrapping a ton of features into one they are setting very focused goals and trying to speed up the progression of web as we know it rapid release schedules should make it easier enforce requirements to update and i for one look forward to it besides microsoft is more or less on board too , with a semi rapid release cycle of their own you can already download platform previews of ie10 and soon enough tell ie8 users they are two versions behind and should consider updating ,
4	suddenly , with firefox <> , it 's unclear what the version numbers represent that is sort of the point with chrome and firefox now version numbers represent nothing with those two browsers a version is released every <> weeks , no matter if it happens to contain what used to justify a major version number , or not i understand if you are used to other version numbering schemes , this seems odd but it should seem odd for just a short time , then you ignore it , i think ?
2	i love the way they are doing a release that adds fancy new html tags before they are doing the release that fixs the problems that everyone wants fixed between that , the silly new versioning and whatever happened between <> and <> i'm beginning to dislike mozilla as much as they clearly dislike web developers
2	firefox is the new ie and this version numbering is beyond retarded , just because chrome had retarded version numbering does n't mean firefox should
6	they are working on something to get around this most addons seem to work fine right now , all addons require the dev to test with new versions and submit that they are working i know they want to try and change this due to the rapid release schedule i do n't know the full details but i 've just started playing with something new addon compatibility reporter allows the community to submit feedback on what addons may or may not work with new versions of firefox
2	just sounds like developers throwing their toys out of the pram and being cunts about versioning for no reason
2	then only increase the major version number when there are breaking changes ! this really is n't that hard , it 's a system plenty of software uses and do n't tell me there are breaking changes every release if your software breaks stuff every release , you need to take a serious look at its interoperability you should be able to save up your breaking changes from several projects and release them all at once
1	that 's why the frequency of releases sucks , because no matter how well intentioned , they run the risk of creating a spectrum of version based bugs ironically , the thing that suffers most is the addon ecosystem , which is arguably ff 's biggest selling point i agree with dead reckoner , if your stuff is so solid you can rev it every two months , then drop the version number firefox <> just sounds silly
1	ugh , gross if you 're going to do this just use the build numbers and release them whenever the fuck you feel like it yay , firefox <> !
6	firefox <> leaves chicago for new york at <> two hours later , firefox <> departs from new york to chicago at <> how long until my plugins start updating so i can use something newer than <> <> ?
1	dammit i just want my google toolbar extension to work again !
1	chrome <> , what the hell ! this is getting ridiculous
1	how the fuck did we get to <> ?
6	really ? and the the ui still written in javascript ?
6	wait what happened to ff <> and <> ? i just upgraded to <>
2	i'm going to move away from firefox because of these retarded version changes <> <> <> were normal <> <> <> <> <> are just stupid
2	except <> thing every time a new ff version comes out there 's <> different articles released to the web about what 's so wonderfully great about this next version number i must be blind because i do n't see chrome doing anything like this in fact i actually had to google their version number earlier today because i had no clue what they were on i figured chrome was on like version <> or <> so they have gone up to preview version <> without me seeing one article about it
6	what 's the problem exactly ? note that the compatibility system ( as in , " compatible with ff <> <> <> x " ) does n't work any more you have to install this extension ( https addons mozilla org en us firefox addon add on compatibility reporter ? src api ) to disable that system ( and thus enable all your extensions )
3	watch out for kefka
4	for me it 's the opposite , chrome still has a long way to go before i consider switching from firefox until they get adblock for chrome to proactively block ads ( and thus save bandwidth reduce exposure to malware ) rather than retroactively removing them , i'm sticking with ff additionally , the difference in rendering startup speed is n't as night and day as it used to be when it was ff <> <> vs chrome and honestly , if you 're using chrome , there is really no reason why you should n't use chromium instead
4	this is definitely a potential problem devs now have several chrome versions and several firefox versions , because of those two browsers ' fast release schedule there are indeed more versions to test however , there are small differences between those versions , so there should be fewer problems i agree that this still adds work for web devs , but not as much as it might seem
6	these super frequent integer iterations of firefox seem utterly crazy to me why on earth are they calling it ff8 ? is it because chrome is at such an absurd version number now ?
6	i wonder about the consequences for web devs testing multiple versions of browsers is already a pain
6	what ! ? ! ? ! i just upgraded to ff4 !
4	chromium has a fair few advantages ( i ) no usage tracking ( or less , at least ) ( ii ) no google branding ( iii ) limits your damage from insecure autoupdates
4	chrome and firefox release a new version every <> weeks both of those has a stable version n , then n <> is in beta , n <> in alpha , and n <> in development it does seem odd and arbitrary at first , but it 's actually well thought out and google and mozilla made a good choice to do this i think
7	please file a bug about this , firefox is an open source project and it can only succeed with our help i would file a bug myself about it , but i just tried what you said ( open over <> tabs ) , and did not get that problem so maybe it is the websites you visited , or your addons more specifically , please go to bugzilla mozilla org and file a bug there with detailed steps to reproduce your problems in particular , please paste the output of about memory when you think too much memory is being used this contains a lot of info that will help the firefox devs fix your problem also please mention the addons and plugins you have , your os , etc thanks !
6	i'm just wondering why there is such a sudden increase in the pace of integer releases the singularity ( http en wikipedia org wiki technological singularity ) is near ! repent , unbelievers !
6	how is this not going full retard ?
8	i care about the version number because it 's the basis for plugin compatibility checking you can have two of these three things crazy version numbers plugin compatibility based on version numbers users that upgrade when you release a new version but you ca n't have all three
6	so we 're all essentially bubble boy ?
5	you are not helpful at all i did n't learn anything s
2	ca n't please everyone
6	i wonder if he knows about this thread
6	yeah but how do we know you are ?
4	this guy is legit i paid him <> and got back <> a week later just as promised
5	service unavailable when downloading hosts txt zip
6	how can you be sure the sharks are really on your side ?
6	how to use this add on ca n't seem to find any extra button nor graphs
2	my only criticism is that it does n't need to simulate tension physics i do n't like the way it fights me when i try to move nodes great program otherwise
6	is the plugin not working for anyone else ?
6	the collusion links to and uses data from the privacychoice trackerblocker as i understand it , trackerblocker creates cookies for those websites that allow you to opt out and sets the cookies to the opt out setting would n't it be better to just not accept the cookies in the first place ?
6	so is the tool legit ?
6	adblock ?
6	and you believe them ?
6	did anyone notice , does not work with ubuntu firefox heh automatic protection
4	ghostery does a nice job of this too been around for a while
4	t ' was all in jest haha the actual product seems legitimate
6	any chrome plugins that do this ?
4	ah , but i forgot to mention , also becoming secure means you can feel smugly superior and smirk at stupid sites like this one d
2	except they give you a link to the source code if you 're really paranoid about it , grab the source , comb it over and compile the plugin yourself
6	is there a good place to grab this ? i know i can google around but i'm not sure how reliable everything is
4	adblock noscript ghostery block the ads you do n't want , block the js from sites you do n't trust , block the tracking cookies , period
2	tinfoil does n't work , it protects the brain but not the body , and the body can be used to control the brain anyone serious about security knows that you need a hazmat suit to browse the internet safely duh
1	oh my god ! somebody should make a list of these corporations that are trying to separate me from my money , so i can give my business only to the ones that want me to keep all of it come on nobody separates me from my money i spend it sometimes i spend it with companies that have worked hard ( perhaps nefariously ) to convince me that i should spend it with them , but the fact is that i spend it if more people would own their damned decisions , rather than blaming poor choices ( and i 've made lots ) on others , the world would be a better place
3	seems creepy to me either way
1	if they 're tracking us using our credit cards , why even bother with the stupid loyalty cards ? they 're just a waste of resources
1	the idea is not that we are the products being sold if that 's not the idea then why say it ? in fact , here 's an idea , do n't fucking say it if that 's not what you are trying to say we are n't simply a product retailers are selling to us and they organize their market by what people want they buy ad space and advertise its so completely inaccurate and demeaning to ourselves as humans to call ourselves products
4	i said hosts txt zip ) but now it works
1	dear god , try watching zero punctuation with no script on it 's a fucking maze they have loads of useless shit on that site
4	without a good noscript implementation in chrome , i 've been staying with firefox even though i 'd be interested in switching its whitelist only approach works perfectly for me it is amazing to see how many different domains are blocked sometimes on one web page it is also interesting how many different sites are loading facebook & fbcdn , etc content i like choosing when i'm being social , and when i am not for example , salon com is a popular site to link to from reddit here is everything that is being loaded on the salon front page http i imgur com sbyr0 png
6	like ?
4	does that really do the same thing ? because i'm all about that , good call !
3	that particularly worried me , so it 's not getting installed
6	not hard at all that 's just easier so what 's the problem ?
6	does n't adblock already block this ?
6	so i installed the ff extension now what ? what the fish am i supposed to do to see what i am supposed to see ?
6	it downloaded for me just fine , but maybe try the regular text version ?
6	they already do that with the little card that gives you savings it keeps a list of stuff you buy so they can give you coupons for things you do n't normally buy edit am i wrong ? then why do i get coupons for a different brand than the one i just bought along withb my receipt ?
4	in effect , this system shelters you from ideas different from your own , leaving you more isolated from the world hrm just like reading primarily reddit )
6	the filter bubble is an interesting idea , and i can see how it could have a negative impact , but it seems less plausible in practice for instance , in wordlife 's example , the only thing being filtered are the ads you are shown if there 's a filter bubble to be wary of , it 's user created , not externally created in other words , i already filter content , either through only subscribing to specific subs , only searching for content that fits my views , etc ( hypothetically , anyway i try to explore outside my boundaries , but for argument 's sake i still significantly filter what i seek or view ) the danger , i suppose , lies in the if the approach is amplified significantly , as you suggested it might , and search engines hide content from you this is very dangerous , but if it 's geared to steer you towards content and interests that you already agree with or like , again the net effect would , in theory , not differ very much from the self imposed bubble i mentioned i'm not saying either is good , and the latter is definitely more heinous , just playing devil 's advocate for the ultimate outcome of these bubbles and how much of a threat they pose
4	this is exactly how i feel about chrome
2	if somebody would follow you when you go shopping to see what you 're into , would you feel uncomfortable ? probably but if i knew that the supermarket was tracking my purchasing patterns and using that to move the stuff i buy into the same area of the store , perhaps surrounded by stuff that other shoppers with similar tastes buy , i would n't find that creepy so much as convenient i guess i'm inclined to wonder how much of the creepiness of some guy following me into the store is due to the store knowing what i buy and sharing that information ( which is analogous to cookies ) and how much is due to some guy following me around everywhere ( which is n't analogous at all )
2	ironically , the site totally breaks when you 're running noscript
4	i found this ( https chrome google com webstore detail gieohaicffldbmiilohhggbidhephnjj ) chrome extension helpful
1	sorry but this thing is total crap just because sites might drop cookies from the same ad companies does n't for a second mean that they 're able to track you across multiple domains , or are linking that data together in fact , the individual sites have no access to any of that data they 're dropping cookies as part of an agreement with the ad networks each individual ad network may aggregate information about you across the various domains , but this tool is implying links among the sites and ad networks which simply do n't exist edit why the downvoting ? this tool is presenting information in a dishonest way and by downvoting me you 're just helping to keep people misinformed and paranoid about this stuff i could n't give a crap about karma this is an alt account anyway i'm just trying to offer insights into the industry from the inside
4	i use and recommend a custom hosts file , managed with the free program hostsman i also use ghostery , noscript , taco w abine , better privacy and trackerwatcher ( all firefox add ons ) they all work without conflict i also have begun using https duckduckgo com for all my searches it implements into every browser , including opera they are really doing an awesome job with this " no track " search engine alternative
6	my question is that if you have add blocker installed and never see the adds then whats the big deal ?
4	yea , i 'll get right on that with all those skills that i have
4	there is always a choice , and this is a simple one , do n't use any of them if richard stallman can do it , then so can you i'm not saying that is a fun choice or a reasonable choice or a good choice but the key word here is " choice " you have it to make sometimes they are hard and less convenient to you but you are taking advantage of someone else 's services and you have the choice to not do that do n't take away their choice or the choice of those who choose to use their service just because you do n't want to be inconveniences by your own desires
2	if somebody would follow you when you go shopping to see what you 're into , would you feel uncomfortable ? it probably depends on who it is but with these companies tracking you on the web , you ca n't really know who 's going to see your file
2	you do n't understand they might know more about you than your friends ! of course , if the most important thing your friends know about you is that you visit imdb and recently shopped for a stereo online , advertisers might not be your biggest problem
6	what is privacy ? i'm not going to answer that question we all have our own definitions but certainly being anonymous and untracked is a large part of it if a neighbor spied on you starting with " public " information what car you drive , do you rent or do you own a home , what you do for a living are you married or single , have you been divorced and then went on and kept track of private and personal stuff what shows you watched , what newspapers you read , what music you listened to and everything else about you you 'd do whatever you could to stop the situation typical large companies are like the hypothetical neighbor their thirst for information is unlimited they do n't define words like " private " and " personal " in a moral or ethical sense their working defintion of words like those is to just reach out and grab as much as they legally can and sometimes ( most of the time ? ) they will go over legal boundaries to capture yet more data they want to know all that stuff that makes you you before the net was as it is now it was theoretically possible for companies to gather info about you but they 'd have to do so manually and grab one paper record at a time and , of course , it was absolutely a financial impossiblity before the digital reality even the most powerful companies and corporations in the world would n't have tried efforts at alchemy would have had a greater chance of success and been cheaper too but now we live in a world of digital inter connectedness file cabinets worth of data about you can probably easily be had and all that data is valuable very valuable
4	you 're exactly right ( this is what i do ) by allowing advertisers to target you with relevant ads , you 're helping support your favorite sites google 's empire was built on ad revenue all the cool stuff they do for free ? all paid for by ad revenue the volume of data we 're talking about here is so massive that there is simply no privacy invasion to us , you 're all just a bunch of numbers we see so many requests per day ( measured in the billions ) that we do n't even log it people see " tracking " and get worried , but the reality is that there 's no way to tie any of this data back to an individual even if we wanted to
4	thank you i swear , <> of redditors wear tinfoil hats how this stuff blows up like this , i have no freaking idea when did perpetual paranoia become so cool and accepted ?
5	you and i are a dying breed , judging from the comments i'm not that old , but it does seem to me that there is a generation now that does n't care at all about privacy , mostly because they do n't understand the consequences of not having it
4	as you swipe your debit card no , joke 's on you
7	neato , thanks a bunch
4	thanks for this ! added to ghostery , noscript , adblockplus maybe even forgetting one or two
6	in what other situation is doubleclick net etc actually required as a host ?
4	" <> ? i love <> ! " napoleon bonaparte
5	probably too many replies down and we forgot smile
6	be careful with hosts blocking ! it might slow down your internet connection when you use that huge list below in this topic ) ( because all outgoing connections need to be checked against that huge list ) other than that , it 's very effective and works universally for all browsers and applications with embedded browsers ! you could for example use it to block live messenger ads
6	then switch over to the desktop site how hard is that ?
6	how do i know buy useing this i'm not just adding something new tracking
6	can it show what happens when i have privacychoice and noscript installed ? i assume this will make a difference , and maybe that site is just trying to fud me
5	it 's bad when that data turns up in background reports and you do n't get jobs because of your activities " so mr pickle , it seems from your background report that you play video games you are <> , do n't you think that is a bit childish " then you do n't get the job
6	anybody know what version of firefox the add on works with ? i was told its incompatible with mine ff <> <> <>
7	took a look at my domain , i'm thankful the only red dot i have is google ads not great , but acceptable
2	it is impossible to have any other choice give me an option for email , search engine , social networking , news website that does not perform these practices even those websites that are paid still track you and sell you advertisements
4	i just removed it oh well , fun concept
2	" i do n't trust the internet and i never will " abraham lincoln
2	i hate when people say that , its such bullshit i'm not a product if you want to call yourself a product go right ahead if i use something i do it because i want to , i'm not using it to be bought fucking christ the only people who say this bullshit are people who are trying to get you to stop using a product or service and switch to another product or service or maybe they are just fucktarded maybe brainwashed point is , if i use facebook i'm not a product , im using their service in the process of using their service , i see a few ads big fucking deal its equivalent to saying , " hey you just walked into a mall you are now a product because you are getting in for free and people try to sell stuff to you " if someone said that to me i 'd give them a swift punch to their fuckin face for being a total faggot
4	hey freind , i'm the prince of nigeria i has an intresting proposition for you
4	thanks )
2	ctrl f upvoted it 's frickin ' disturbing to see how many sites try to track you abp noscript ghostery ftw !
2	it is too much work , bitching is so much easier
2	reddit1990 , i do n't like your posts
1	joke 's on them i used a fake name and phone number also , i frequently forget the fake phone number and have to get a new card f u trackers !
1	i do n't have any of those cards because i'm loosing control over my privacy when i use them
4	i 've been using this custom hosts file for years now , it does n't have any noticeable delays performance issues sure it 's inefficient , but it blocks ads from within programs also no windows live ads , no xfire ads , no aim ads etc
2	mine just sits there like a lump no red dots , no gray dots useless
4	that 's a cat and mouse game the browsers cannot win extensions are the best way to make it happen
4	i 've been a user of noscript for years , and i will never uninstall this add on any reason you use privacychoice as well ? i googled it quickly , but i'm not entirely sold
2	for me the issue is less like someone following me around the store when i shop i am cool with amazon knowing what i am looking at on their website but i do n't necessarily want them following me around everywhere else i go to see what i am into i want to make the decision about what i want to see , not have some random algorithm decide for me
4	i love ghostery this needs to be the top link installers , make sure to turn on blocking as well , otherwise it just identifies the trackers
4	he says he works for mozilla toolness http www toolness com wp info in the " about " named anchor link hey , i m atul and this is my blog i work for mozilla , live in san francisco , and am excited about design , building things , teaching , and learning i m currently working on hackasaurus you can reach me by sending e mail to my first name at mozilla dot com , or by yelling at toolness on twitter
1	i do not like linkedin , i have opt out every email and they still sends me emails about updates and shit (
2	sweet now the epo just needs to get on the horn with the uspto and revoke that shit cause it passed in the us
3	it 's too easy to buy things online this button makes me nervous every damn time i go on amazon i was on ebay a few years ago dicking around and wondered how much it 'd cost to ship body armor or something stupid like that i somehow ended up buying the body armor so now i have a kevlar vest in my closet
6	problem ? i think not
5	this is a good first step unfortunately , it wo n't have that much effect , since the functionality still enjoys protection under us law i have always wondered how the uspto could justify allowing protection for something so obvious and trivial i just assumed it was another piece of the corporatocracy that is so pervasive here
2	it 's too easy to buy things online i agree , in part it gets addictive , but that is on you , not them you can hardly blame them for making it easy to buy their products it 's up to you whether you want to store your credit card info , for example having to type that every time would certainly curtain my buying a bit ( specifically on amazon ) this button makes me nervous every damn time i go on amazon it would make me nervous too , that 's why i just disable it ( http www amazon com gp help customer display html ? nodeid <> ) i somehow ended up buying the body armor so now i have a kevlar vest in my closet i 've bought stuff on ebay accidentally , but fortunately it was a relatively cheap lesson the nice thing about ebay , though , is that you can simply sell the item again and recoup some of your costs heck , what make and size is it ? people here ( or , more likely , on r guns ) may be interested
4	that ( http www youtube com watch ? v drmynrmwvvg & feature player embedded ) would be pretty awesome quackquackquackquackquack
2	the shutter noise on a digital camera is just one example of a sound entirely fabricated to make a modern gadget imitate older technology dammit , now i want a volume knob or mute button on my <>
2	jesus , what a fluff piece that was really , bbc guy , people do n't use floppies any more ? and it 's still used as an iconic image to signify saving ? you do n't say also , camera phones do n't have a real shutter o
2	why is it legal to do this , companies ripping people off seems to be accepted more often than not , making something that imitates quality should be looked down on
2	their line is " loud bikes save lives " but the sound emanates most loudly from behind the bike perhaps if they had a forward facing exhaust , preferably near the rider 's face , it would make everyone happy
4	agreed
2	of course , loud bikes only save lives if they have a macho bass rumble if bikes were required to play a pleasant glockenspiel tune like that of an ice cream truck we 'd find volume far less popular this is odd because the noises motorcyclists like are the very worst noises for knowing where an engine is deep bass is hard to localize , echoes strangely and is sufficiently disconcerting that car drivers sometimes panic , wondering which side a bike is coming up from you can make yourself believe almost anything , i suppose
8	the magnitude of this crime affected everyone from high ranking members of the white house staff to the average american citizen so typical unless they are referring to smell
4	fbi newark special agent michael ward said " it 's important to note that it was n't just the hacking itself that was criminal , but what could potentially occur utilizing the pilfered information " a little worry some that the evaluation of what could possibly happen can point to it being criminal in the process of a white hat that finds a security hole and informs the organization for it to be fixed would not be able to go into the grey realm and release that information due to lack of resolution would they be seen as committing a criminal act due to what potentially could occur ?
5	the most important part is in the conclusion it s a little early to add it to the list of practical problems for web workers
6	what happens ? they add more and apologize ?
4	i actually really like the output interesting
4	i remember this woooow
1	holy shit ! i 'd forgotten all about that game and apparently it will run on ubuntu under wine too ( playing it now ) thanx for the memories )
7	i forgot all about this game i used to play it all the time ! thanks man !
4	hover playthrough & explanation video ( http www youtube com watch ? v snwn2tnqllg ) oh the nostalgia !
8	i'm just as bad at this game today as i was then
2	who gives a shit
8	n , s dakota , forever alone
6	is it definitely just about wifi ? if you do n't believe how much battery the radio ( all connectivity ) on your phone takes , turn airplane mode on for the day ! you 'll think its going to last forever !
5	also , as i mentioned in another post it sounds very similar to an ieee standard it 's a subset of the wmm wifi standards that are used for qos called power save many aps and mobile chipsets support wmm and the power save extensions it 's been around since <> http www wi fi org knowledge center wmmpowersave
2	horse hockey it 's only applicable in a certain , unusual situation a highly taxed router that has to queue outgoing packets also , while the article mentions tests , it fails to mention the results for someone who leaves wireless off on my phone most of the time , this is just silly
4	nice try sleepwell software developer
2	this is lame , my ultimate juice app on android has been doing basically the same thing ( and more ) for a long time now
2	saw this before again , to double battery life by reducing wifi power use , wifi would have to have been eating up more than half the power originally that probably does n't even happen on phones , let alone laptops so sure , this could help , but doubling battery life sounds like quite a bit of a stretch
2	urg just turn off wifi when you do n't need it
2	youtube , pandora , and downloading large files are all continuous use scenarios if all you did was this , the software would do fuck all to help your battery life
2	no real breakthroughs ? what about the links we 've seen here about batteries with higher charge densities , batteries that convert kinetic energy to charge , and all the other well , breakthroughs ? ooooh ! to hit the market well played , battery manufacturers now make software to cash in further on the limitations you impose upon your own product ! step three profit
5	no thanks connectivity is spotty enough without my device being part of the problem
5	is there a way to use a black background with white text on an oled phone would n't that give you tons of extra battery life because most of the screen will effectively be ' off ' ? idunno
2	nay saying aside , if this is router side software could n't it be hacked into the likes of ddwrt ?
4	i do n't think this is why they hoard all the patents in the first place they need all the patents since they have really broad interests they are doing everything so they need patents to defend it trolling android is probably just the icing on the cake just more evidence that the patent thing is stupid id rather both parties used the money to actually make something useful
2	i have n't downvoted you ( http i imgur com dqo8y jpg ) but you 're wrong ms puts out way too many products to be considered a patent troll , especially if they 've had a smartphone os for years before android even existed , in any incarnation
7	i read it for myself , thanks that does n't actually explain what patents microsoft claims are being infringed on
4	makes sense
3	m what is this , fifth grade recess ? i think this could be solved by dismissing software patents entirely , or atleast requiring them to be more specific i think it 's stupid that you can own a patent on an idea the patent system needs to be reformed , certainly , but i think throwing it out completely might be a bit extreme the idea behind patents seems okay ( encourage innovation and research by giving inventors exclusive rights for a while ) , it 's just that the current system is horribly broken
1	bullshit the only thing that comes close was a unit test that was linked to in the build that was never used the check in comments even read that someone removed it as soon as they found it
1	eat a butt
6	because that 's how the patent system works it 's silly , i know i'm actually kinda surprised that google has n't jumped in to defend itself here they 're just kinda letting microsoft run amok amongst their hardware manufacturers i know that , for example , microsoft itself provides a binding patent indemnity ( http download microsoft com download <> d <> <> a509 <> <> bb6c0a9d1b99 ip <> <> docx ) on all of their products so if you get sued for using a microsoft product , they 'll defend you in court and pay your legal fees i'm really surprised that google does n't have a similar policy in place
8	ironically microsoft is one of the largest and most vocal proponents of sweeping patent reforms to eliminate exactly this kind of behaviour in the industry the money microsoft makes from patent licenses is dwarfed by the license fees that microsoft pays to other people in the end they lose a far more money due to the patent system than they gain which is why they 're in this strange position of suing ( and being sued ) while trying to push patent reforms
1	microsoft is being a bastard , no mistake , but it 's definitely worth noting google is showing no interest in defending its partners in this nor it 's developers in that lodsys thing , come to that google 's taking the rewards and ducking responsibility
4	cool article , bro now they should write one entitled " how google games the patent system to expand its business " google " oh hey oracle nice java technology you have there " oracle " yup , sure is would you like to license it ? " google " no but would n't it be a shame if somebody looked at your code , typed it up in a slightly different way , and claimed ownership of this new code ? " oracle " well you ca n't do that we designed and created all this you ca n't just copy it and claim it 's yours " google " oh no ? technically we can as long as we do n't actually copy and paste your code and technically correct is the best kind of correct "
2	the article does n't explain " how " (
2	they should seriously proof read their articles two paragraphs in , <> errors
1	because fuck you , that 's why but seriously , either you can pay ms <> , <> to use a supposed patent , or get sued and pay tens of thousands in legal fees potentially bankrupting your entire company if you try and fight it regardless whether or not you win or maybe end up settling out of court for <> , <> since you woke up ms 's lawyer army and did n't pay up in the first place it 's just not worth the effort " legal " bullying plain and simple it 's exactly like mafia owned neighborhoods and cities back in the day anyone could set up a shop in the area if they wanted to , but if they did n't pay a " security " fee every month some terrible " accident " would be befall the store and its owner
4	congratulations , you 've discovered what blogs are
1	microsoft is being a bastard , no mistake , but it 's definitely worth noting google is showing no interest in defending its partners in this they are not " partners " they use an open source os developed and mostly maintained by google when corporation a sues corporation b it would be insane for corporation c to get involved google 's taking the rewards and ducking responsibility they have no responsibility microsoft has to be held responsible for their actions
6	ooh i hit on a touchy subject apparently so you 're saying android no longer uses java at all ? they are not using wholesale code nor have they made derivative versions ? and this ( http www fetxin com <> <> <> oracle requires billions of google for violating patents in android ) is n't true ? t here is evidence that google indeed large pieces of java code used there was that google has <> source files directly inherited from java <> of them are marked with proprietary confidental and do not distribute google used them anyway and now has a big problem all i really know is what the law blogs are reporting and there has n't been reports of much of a defense mounted by google plus google 's attempts to conceal info from the lawsuit from the public seems a little fishy and there 's been more recently you can see what top ip lawyers and professors are saying about another aspect of android here ( http www huffingtonpost com edward j naughton googles android contains b <> html ) and here ( http www ipinfoblog com archives licensing law issues infringement and disclosure risk in development on copyleft platforms html ) all i was pointing out is that the statement " google is good for not abusing patents and for actually creating products of value , " may not be completely accurate in creating android , google has borrowed heavily and does n't seem to always follow the proper licensing procedures
4	with the absurd nature of tech related patents now a days , you do n't really need to ms probably just grabs a vague sounding patent , like " method for an integrated driver to page memory when rendering ui elements " and see if it sticks what ms is showing is , even if you do n't have a patent , you can just threaten them and make an easy <> billion year
2	i'm not saying ms does n't produce anything , in fact , someone else brought up that same point , and i conceded that ms does produce alot of stuff but even so , it looks like they 're exploiting patent law the same way a patent troll would
4	i do n't think this is why they hoard all the patents in the first place they need all the patents since they have really broad interests they are doing everything so they need patents to defend it trolling android is probably just the icing on the cake i agree entirely does n't make me any less hateful toward m , though they 're being the bully in this situation beyond any doubt just more evidence that the patent thing is stupid i think this could be solved by dismissing software patents entirely , or atleast requiring them to be more specific i think it 's stupid that you can own a patent on an idea
2	that is a valid point i do n't know what patents are involved , nor do i know what microsoft intends to so with said patents but this still rubs me the wrong way i already dislike ms , and google for that matter , but i dislike google a whole lot less than ms
2	without knowing what patents are involved , i ca n't say if you 're right or wrong , but i 'll still say that i dislike ms more for pulling this stunt
7	i read it for myself , thanks that does n't actually explain what patents microsoft claims are being infringed on that 's a secret microsoft makes them sign agreements keeping it a secret
2	what is this , fifth grade recess ? i do n't know about you , but patent laws and whatnot were a little beyond me when i was in <> grade the patent system needs to be reformed , certainly , but i think throwing it out completely might be a bit extreme i agree with the sentence that follows this one , but right now , software patents can be granted for something as vague as " a method for viewing copyrighted content from a cloud storage service " , and that needs to change i think someone should be able to own an implementation of a particular idea , but to be granted a patent on something as broad as a particular mathematical equation is absurd ( http www youtube com watch ? v ka4l0jgf q & feature player detailpage t <> )
4	as cool as this technology is , i really just like to sit my ass down on a comfy couch when i play video games if you 're going to be moving around that much just go do it in real life
2	its just a tool dont like it ? dont use it i would really like to know why node js wo n't die because people like using it ? best case scenario ? node becomes as good as or better than more mature solutions worst ? node dies woo ! i can see why someone would n't like node , or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away , but " why does n't it die ? " is a stupid question
6	i would really like to know why node js wo n't die it seems like a phenomenally ill conceived idea and it really offers nothing over far more mature solutions in that space
6	i can see why someone would n't like node , or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away , but " why does n't it die ? " is a stupid question node simply reinvents the wheel poorly , it adds nothing of value to the landscape and has a ton of hype associated with it
4	what other competing solutions are you comparing it to ? thanks
2	either you do n't understand what most larger sites are using node js for in practice ( as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on r programming ) , or there 's aspects to each of those languages frameworks that i'm totally unaware of i do n't mean that to be snarky , trying to understand your pov ninja edit i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases , not the others
4	erlang nitrogen , rails , pylons , java app servers , etc all of them can do what node js does better
4	either you do n't understand what most larger sites are using node js for in practice ( as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on r programming ) , or there 's aspects to each of those languages frameworks that i'm totally unaware of ok , can you enlighten me as to what node js provides that 's valuable and unique and not offered by other languages frameworks ? i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases , not the others i'm not aware of any cases where erlang could not be used to do the same thing node js does , but maybe you could explain those to me
4	now i just need a giant robot to put it on and i can take over the world !
4	my god , that narrator has a deep , velvety , rich voice i want one ( a laser , not a narrator although having a narrator for a couple of days might be interesting )
6	but is it <> better than other mobile devices too ? have n't really got into the tablet thing yet , but maybe i'm just a neo luddite
2	it must be that damned sent from my ipad spam they append
4	yes people sit at home and use their ipad on their wifi network if you 're on a wifi network , odds are you 're at home if you have a choice between your smartphone and any other device for surfing the internet , which do you choose ?
4	yes but do people with flat screens watch more tv ? do people who chew pencils donate more to unicef ? are people really researching data usage per device without regard to every other socioeconomic data point ? why ?
4	way to go nortel <> definitely wont be making any money in the future
4	they were so far in debt they had to go bankrupt i work with them every day , and while there pbx central office products are pretty damn awesome , their networking gear and key systems are not so hot i'm glad they 're gone , and that avaya bought most of them up
2	i should mention that the videophones that in use by deaf people also do audio communications , i have tested with friends and family ( this is however an afterthought so audio quality is n't as good as sony or microsofts <> microphone array )
4	there are currently videophones in popular use the deaf community has , since <> or something , been discarding their ttys in exchange for videophones videophones offer a way for the deaf to communicate naturally with sign language
6	rip in peace , this man will be surely missed ps no relation , but i'm going to robert morris university
8	good night , good sir may you find rest in peace , running as root in the great mainframe in the sky
8	good night , sweet prince you keep my data safe
8	rest in peace , he will be missed
6	rest in peace in peace ? pretty meta
8	he definitely changed the world i ca n't imagine what our lives would be if he had n't lived thank you morris
2	i 'll prove you wrong an apple product has a positive attribute edit <> days have now passed and nothing i am fucking baffled
1	xd this guy
1	bs where did you go to school ? namibia ? i apologize bad spelling and writing just turn my fucking crank people who get their spelling corrected for free should be grateful
2	too bad
6	my mind ca n't process this comment
1	oh rupert , didnt your friend tom tell you are buying garbage ? there were little done to chance myspace to make it competitive sad
2	i actually thought at one point myspace had more promise then facebook , actually i still think at one point it definetely did to bad everything murdoch touches turns to shit also , i learned i had more " friends " then the former " buff , bronzed former baywatch child star " did on myspace
5	the idea was nice , but eventually became the ghetto of social website watch how facebook will risk the same faith
2	i never liked myspace because it allowed people to do the design of their own pages they invariably created some ugly monstrosity that played music in the background or something its never a good idea to let the general population do web design
2	tell you you are buying garbage ? was little done to change myspace
2	promise than facebook at one point it definitely did " friends " than the former
6	and who will be the next big social network star ?
1	i'm not typing an essay but a quick response on a message board so go fuck yourself & die
2	dude , you 're on r technology , it 's a cesspool of a subreddit do n't bother correcting people here it 's as futile in this subreddit as suggesting an apple product has a positive attribute
4	go e2v ! i did a very brief work experience placement there many years ago , and i 've always loved the company )
2	we 've reached the day where it 's safer to pirate software than it is to buy it
1	so only buy american made devices that have our spyware on it !
6	the more i think about it the more troubled i am by this news i guess now norton will have to add an eprom circuit resource sucking feature along with all the other sucking features it has
2	goes well with backdoor ridden american software
2	of course , our enemies ( china ) manufactures most of our shit they are smart as hell and will use our stupidity against us
8	tries to ? they will have a field day
4	unless you are a government employee or can be seen in any way to be assisting in disseminating the information if you 're downloading it off the pirate bay via bittorrent , there 's a good chance you 're helping to disseminate it , even if you have n't yet read it yourself
4	just use a proxy to download and open them up in a virtual machine
2	still , many of us here on reddit are not u s citizens so blanket statements about legality should be at least used sparingly that and tossing in malware as a scare is just silly really docs are n't generally distributed in a format that is terribly useful for that and lulzsec has n't been known to distro any anyhow i'm not saying they would n't zombie you for chuckles but it seems a silly claim for a tor data dump
3	a lot of talk about informants and officers being put at risk i could n't agree more but are n't being put at risk by hackers they were put at risk by the arizona state gov ' t failing to properly secure this sensitive information !
2	whether or not you agree with the way the documents were apprehended you have to admit that some of these are kind of funny the arizona government is about to become even more of a circus
4	some of those documents were kind of fun to read
4	more like this please ! this is the kind of hacking i can get behind as far as putting informants at risk , they are already at risk , do n't be fooled by " putting officers at risk bullshit " the problem is they should n't be doing some of the things they do , and it should be exposed , and an end put to the police states of the world there is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments , however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it we are being rationed by the rich , controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it good work
4	more like this please ! this is the kind of hacking i can get behind as far as putting informants at risk , they are already at risk , do n't be fooled by " putting officers at risk bullshit " the problem is they should n't be doing some of the things they do , and it should be exposed , and an end put to the police states of the world there is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments , however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it we are being rationed by the rich , controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it good work
6	how did they get hold of all of this data ? edit to clarify i mean what methods did they employ ? previously people had been characterising this group as unsophisticated and not doing much beyond simple brute force website attacks this seems a little bit more than that though , to me getting hold of private law enforcement related documents
1	lol , you think rape is funny but distributing email addresses is unconscionable people like you are why lulsex exists also , <> <> trolling
4	" we hope you enjoy your google experience " well played , google
2	ok , but the raw event size then goes up by a factor of <> or so when the event is reconstructed so it depends what we mean by " generate " a cms reconstructed event is <> <> mb , which is stored in addition to the raw
2	headline number appears to be a bit of an overestimate cms has a raw event size of <> , and nominal collision rate of <> <> sec , and the collision rate has not yet reached half the nominal maximum ( <> spacing instead of <> ) atlas has a similar event size and rate lhcb has similar rate but events about ten times smaller alice has very large events ( o ( <> ) in proton collisions , o ( <> ) in lead collisions ) , but receives a reduced event rate ( <> times less than the other experiments , varying a bit with beam configuration ) due to much longer read out and detector reset times which implies an actual rate of <> sec
4	awesome , one of those things when you go , why did n't i think about it ?
5	awesome , but sad that it 'll probably never happen
6	very cool a short video imagining an augmented reality future ( http www youtube com watch ? v nmjqudbf re )
6	huh ?
4	i can see this being very useful being able to fine tune a perfect shot and worry about its focus after you manage to take it will be very useful i'm not sure how long it will be before it 's adopted by any affordable cameras , but i can see it getting there
4	yeah , really brief
6	odd timing for such an article odd place to post on reddit try r gaming
6	the wife put it in the glove compartment of her and her husband 's jointly owned gmc yukon i do n't understand why this is news she was the ( joint ) owner of the car that 's what this whole case relied on
4	i'm going to assume it 's the responsibility of the driver to know who the owner of the car he 's driving is )
1	damn it came here to say same thing she is tracking her car , he is free to preserve his privacy but can not have an expectation of one in a jointly owned car so long as he knows it 's jointly owned of course
2	so it 's also ok to tap the jointly owned phone , install a spycam in the jointly owned bedroom , etc ?
5	why didn t it work the did not over pay
4	i believe " even " in this context means " rounded "
4	i read it as " even " as in not odd
4	i'm betting this move was more to drain rival resources than anything else this google knows how to encode information in ways for people smart enough to look for it to find it irreverence , as they displayed , is one way to say " this thing is a joke , so lets make it funny " the punchline was the largely decreased warchests of microsoft et al
6	can you tell me what was the significance of the patents in that thing ?
6	restructuring the patent system ? in a country owned by corporations ? good luck with that
4	ooooooh ! ( http i imgur com i1ydk jpg )
4	i parsed this as google trying to bid " waffles " on at least <> bid
5	i honestly do n't think google really cared they seem to be putting far more money and resources to restructuring the patent system as a whole in which case , buying patents is n't really of interest to them i'm betting this move was more to drain rival resources than anything else
5	they got the other guys to pay <> times what the patents were worth it 's hard for people to think in non round numbers , and i think google 's bidding strategy was to distract and confuse the other companies until they got frustrated and bid more than they should have i think it worked
4	is there a list of the highlights of what was in these patents ? i have a couple of networking patents i believe mine are worth about <> a piece
6	what spectrum are you talking about ?
2	yeah , i would n't pay any attention to the guys bidding <> <> billion dollars they 're complete jokes
4	the article mentioned how they ( everyone ) expected the patents to go for <> million google made their competitors spend five times that
4	i do n't want to give away details for anonymity reasons , but my evaluation of their worth more corresponds to how much effort it would take to make these patents stick against patents that are similar in a legal dispute it seems that unless a patent is for something like fire or the wheel that its intrinsic value is little without all the hours that need to be paid to the lawyers who are defending it my guess is that the nortel portfolio has <> <> real gems in it that have had some amount of legal testing beyond their acceptance by the patent office these probably have to with telephone switching and voice data transmission i was mostly looking for a link to see if anyone sorted the wheat from the chaff
4	<> <> billion dollars , twice the analyst expected amount , is n't serious ?
4	i do n't care if anyone won the auction with a bid of pi , i would demand exact change that would teach them to be such smart alecs !
1	dont you mean carrots ? ! ? ! ? !
4	very good point , but that being said google has a war chest of more than <> billion , public opinion , and a constant stream of information to the public on its side further , google is a information company that dabbles in technology wireless spectrum and wireless communications technology are not its thing although never said outright , google 's actions within the tech world suggest that they feel that wireless communication should be unobtrusive dumb pipes basically i'm betting they are willing to fight for this the reason no one fights or wins on the side of fixing the patent system is because no one with the money to do so cares to try that is changing now so basically , the country is bought and payed for by corporations , and one of the biggest just switched sides
1	goddammit if you had read the article , you would have seen the answer google started off bidding constants that were less famous , than say , pi
2	perhaps they 're worth a lot , and i guess if google had won at <> <> then it would have been a good acquisition , but not winning them and making another company pay well over the odds is also a good outcome for them will the patents really bring in or earn them an extra <> in revenue ? i doubt it
2	use of lmgtfy is to show how it was just as easy to google the question instead of asking reddit and wasting someone elses time
4	they probably are n't going to be splitting up the patents , they 're probably going to be sharing ownership as in , they can all use the patents , it 's not like company a gets <> patents and company b gets <> the entire point of patents is that you get to keep other people from using the patents presumably those companies are in competition with google , but not with each other bringing google into the fold might defeat the entire purpose of buying the patents
4	well , they could just pay <> , <> , <> , <> and tell them to keep the change
4	it says all the other companies won the portfolio even if they all agreed to split the single block of patents , they now have to work that out amongst themselves and they all spent their money on it if there were any patents google felt it needed , they would have found a way to get something they wanted
4	fair enough of a point i still feel like google did n't take it seriously enough if they wanted or needed those patents , they could have gone for it i feel like if they want to keep companies innovating , they would be more than happy to share they 're not fond of patents in general , especially not software patents it could very well be that they did n't want to necessarily deny the other companies the ability to do certain things , but they did want them to pay a large amount up front for it
4	well , hopefully it 's more likely they just spent money on them as a legal defense and they 'll end up never using the useful ones or even looking at the useless " patent troll " stuff it 'll sit around and they wo n't touch it unless someone tries to sue them , then they 'll double check they do n't have a patent on it already but with some luck they 'll try to fight each other , especially once they realize google probably has no use for them and neither do they except as a legal defense
4	so , those companies will be so busy suing each other that by the time they work it out , the patents will be expired )
4	based on this context , it 's easy to figure out what to search for google did something similar with the spectrum auctions a few years back
4	wow it took the combined resources of <> companies to outbid google
4	they should have bid tau ( http tauday com )
2	not really google obviously did n't care , they just made life difficult and confusing for others sony ericsson does their own thing all of these companies cooperate to some degree i 'd imagine things would be more awkward if google went out of their way to target sony 's efforts and block them from getting anything , but that 's not the case
4	technically , sony ericsson was n't in the deal just sony and ericsson ( sony ericsson 's owners )
4	sure collectively these companies paid <> times more than the patents were assumed to be worth , but individually ( with even division ) they only paid <> million each , or significantly less than google 's opening bid of <> million couple that with the fact that google already has a weak patent portfolio and i could see these nortel patents being used to coerce more android oems and perhaps google itself to pay licencing fees to this consortium whether those amount to <> <> billion is anyone 's guess though
5	hmm i do n't know are people really that stupid ? i think they would 've been confused as to why google was bidding this way , but they probably would 've been smart enough to round off pi to <> <> billion in their heads
4	so if google won , would we be talking about how the other bidders got google to bid <> <> billion ?
4	considering apple has some <> billion lying around , it 's more about business strategy than resources
4	erm , they did n't bid <> <> , they bid <> , <> , <> , <>
4	may i ask what they 're for ? ( is that rude ? i have a feeling it 's like asking a woman 's age or how much money somebody makes sorry if it is )
4	i think the other article at the same site pertaining to the result of this auction is more informative as to why these patents and applications are strategically important http www reuters com article <> <> <> us nortel idustre7600pf20110701
6	what could they have done though ? it 's an auction if google bids just to push the price up , that 's their business it 's still a valid bid they could have known exactly what would happen the whole time , and there really would n't have been anything they could do to stop it
4	drop in the bucket yes , but they also then divvy out the patents
2	no i was n't trolling at all not sure why you would think that , i do n't see any sarcasm or indication of this i do n't know what 's contained in these patents and i wanted to know what exactly they were buying , patents for what sorts of things what 's in there that 's worth <> billion dollars ? are companies basically going to patent troll other companies so they 're afraid ? i doubt the lawsuits are worth more than <> billion ? or are they going to get royalties thanks for your post
4	hahahahahahahahahaha
4	if google had won at <> <> then it would have been a good acquisition what is wrong with you people ? if google spends a large amount of money , it would be a good aquisition if someone else spends a large amount of money , google tricked them into spending more than they should have i 'd make a crack about cupping the google guys balls while you guys blow them but you probably already are
4	i did read the article ) pi was just an example my point is that people are n't that stupid at least i hope not ! ) the weird numbers would 've confused everyone , but it would n't affect the decision making or the math if rival a decided <> billion was as high as they were willing to go , then a bid of pi billion would shut them out it did n't matter that google was choosing weird numbers that were n't rounded
4	they did n't bid pi dollars , they bid <> , <> , <> , <> dollars there 's no fractions of cents to deal with , they did n't say " we bid pi times a billion dollars " , they said " we bid <> billion , <> million , <> thousand dollars " , which just so happens to be the first few digits of pi
5	oh im sorry i misunderstood your comment yeah lol , exact change with pi would be pretty hard
4	it 's not serious because they could have payed up for some patents and instead walked away with nothing despite their antics
4	they were n't expecting to spend it or they would have
4	google involvement in the united states <> wireless spectrum auction ( http en wikipedia org wiki united states <> wireless spectrum auction google involvement )
4	google 's bids were mystifying , such as <> , <> , <> , <> and <> , <> , <> , <> " google was bidding with numbers that were not even numbers , " one of the sources said
4	i 'd rather seem them spend pi billion dollars lobbying the government to get rid of the fucking patent system
4	<> billion is <> times <> million
5	they should have used tou
5	more like a billion pies
4	cool and all , but they did n't actually win any of the bids
4	you do not fail if you do not win an auction if you win an auction and the price is to high you loose if you loose an auction where the price is right or to low you win
5	but i thought patents were supposed to help the little guy kind of hard to come up with <> billion just to start a business , no ?
4	things like this make me want to continue being a cog in google 's money machine i hope they never lose their sense of humor
4	<> <> troll google , getting other companies to waste money on patents they do n't care about by bidding strange numbers
4	it is time for google to become more serious about such things p
5	i do n't see how it could work you could n't have exact change to pay ( or could n't get exact change back )
4	largely decreased warchests you 're joking , right ? <> <> split amongst <> partners is a drop in the bucket for each
4	not sure if your trolling however , your question is friendly enough so i 'll bite the patents were with regard to lte basicly , they give the holder rights over technologies related to how lte delivers streaming media to mobile phones since google is getting into the mobile market it seems reasonable that they would want these patents this is based on the old logic that google wants to use them as a carrot and or stick to keep companies in line and promote its market dominance my opinion is that the old strategy is not google 's strategy my reason for this is first and formost page is in control i hate to sound like i'm swinging from another man 's jock strap but page has not given the impression that he likes political bull shit this is the same guy who opposed working with china ( it was okayed by schmidt ) , and started a book scanning project basically on his own licensing be damned , and effectively blew of the investment industry he has given a strong inclination to only like the advancement of technology , not its ownership i'm pretty sure his logic is " i'm rich , so i want to do what i'm interested in now " he is using his ( big ) company do work his on agenda and truth be told , the guy is freaking smart look at the free wifi in mountain view this is not google trying to bring free wifi to the world , its an example of what others can do what could happen the same goes for think big with a gig this is n't a reach into the teleco market , its a threat to teleco to improve lets not forget that google is on monopoly watch and really has to be careful with their acquisitions my assessment is that google 's war chest will go to both grass root and higher level political change geared at changing the way patents are handled
4	it 's clear that they had ulterior motives to their actions they obviously did n't intend to win anything or they 'd have made a more serious offer
4	google did something similar with the spectrum auctions a few years back , also successfully lobbying to put certain requirements in place for how the spectrum is used google never intended to win , but their bid was serious enough that it made others that were intent on winning pony up big and have to take the new spectrum with the new rules
4	just because they had some fun with the numbers does n't mean they were n't serious they bid up to <> billion but were unwilling to go up to <> <> billion it took a consortium of <> giant technology companies to outbid google that seems pretty serious to me
4	i expect it 's cheaper to hire lawyers than to pay so much
2	they did n't actually bid pi , they bid a rounded version according to the article , they went to the fifth decimal place ( and then multiplied it by a billion )
2	nah , they bid what they could either way this just shows that they can do two things at once
4	oh , i think google will care very much when android comes under ever more fire for patent infringement
4	ha ! these are just numbers on a computer screen its not like someone seriously has a briefcase full of <> billion dollars waiting to be payed out to a patent troll at some auction
5	whatever its reasons , google 's shenanigans did not work shenanigans ?
4	til <> <> of reddit knew the approach and plan google was bringing to a <> , <> , <> , <> auction too bad microsoft , sony , apple and intel did n't think to outsource themselves here to get the scoop on how google would approach the auction could have saved themselves a couple of billion
4	considering sony ericsson was in this deal it 's going to be pretty awkward next google io
4	thanks
4	the story makes it sound rather like the patents were up as a single unified block so , no , it 's quite likely they could n't have
4	that 's why i always just round pi up to <>
5	for a technology company , it is disappointing that this is the best they could do i mean , why even bother
4	if they really would have bid pi billion and won , it would have taken them until infinity to get the last cent right with a file and fine sandpaper
4	the reason that is so is because google could really use the patents , so if they won even if they won while paying a little too much , it would be a good move for them these other companies do n't really need the patents like google does , so making them pay too much is also a benefit to google
5	yes make them fight against each other excellent ( http i imgur com zsixg jpg )
4	if google really needs the patents then they did n't win no matter how much their competitors paid
4	if you wasted your own time getting a lmgtfy link , it could have been used better to get an actual link
2	does anyone else find this ridiculous ? our government seems determined to punish one of our few companies that actually innovate and produce value , while bailing out incompetent corrupt banks that nearly took down the entire economy and whose greed remains unchecked by regulations
2	i just hope that with that stream filter you 'll still be able to choose the newest section as the default i hate how facebook tries to filter " top " feed posts , and i really do n't want them to do the same on google i just want to see what 's newest
5	that article is way off base the ability to disable resharing has always been there they will be working on better ways to filter the stream though
5	unless re sharing is disabled by default , the flaw still exists
1	this beta bs is actually annoying now i am eager to try it out but if this crap goes on for months like wave did , then i m out seriously , how come a company this big can t launch a complete product ? just sounds like a gimmick a la apple to try and get some headlines
5	wow , how did i miss that i guess the comment at the bottom just reinforced what i thought too
4	the article notes that the ability is there , but only after posting , leaving a small window where it can be re shared it is expressed poorly though
1	what a shit title !
5	<> of people are idiots the genie is out of the bottle why not move to more safer reactors instead of these aging models that do n't have the same set of safety features
4	old plants are dangerous let 's keep old plants instead of building new , safer ones
1	because they degrade and all you need is one government or one reactor administrator to cut corners and not do the maintenance and , well , that 's part of what happened in japan
4	yes , let 's scrap all nuclear power plant and use coal power plants ! they 're much safer
2	everythingnew net spammer
2	but wait , all those moms in minivans on the cell phones already drive hands free a little more than temporarily !
4	reminds me of ' the sixth day ' movie
3	this is a terrible idea
6	are you on drugs ? yes , how so ?
6	anyone else not see the florida new york connection ? i did see a florida new england connection maybe i am reading the map incorrectly
6	cheap real estate ? in florida ? are you on drugs ?
4	" as much as we love our ipads , we must admit that so far the tablet is an optional toy for rich young people the ipad dominates tablets , but tablets are on the fringe the ipad , and the tablet , have not yet found their killer app but they will and soon both google and facebook are both about to release their first ever ipad apps for social networking and i think the experience will be so compelling that it will drive millions of new users to get ipads , just for social networking " great article
5	a lot of accidents happen for many different reasons one of the things i dislike most about driving is that , by design , there are multiple of distractions to the driver internal gadgets and controls require the driver to take their attention off the road simply having conversations divert needed cognitive power away from driving roadside advertising pedestrians and cyclists should not use transportation arteries that are used by , or are in close proximity to , automobiles and then there are the problems with transportation design itself passenger cars use the same roadways as semi trailer trucks and large farm equipment when these collide , the passenger car loses also , the only thing separating vehicles from other vehicles is paint paint paint does not prevent collisions the automobile industry 's entire approach to safety is collision mitigation , not collision prevention automobile manufacturers do n't get together and talk about how they can prevent collisions they talk about how to keep you alive should you get into one so that you can purchase repair your existing vehicle i adamantly agree that revising transportation will save numerous lives , resources , wildlife , and infrastructure it needs to be the top third priority next to energy and environment
4	this would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy
4	this would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy
4	presumably robots will tailgate but without the rage or distraction , they will be adept at handling those situations the drag reduction that comes with close following allows for much greater fuel efficiency and less wear on the vehicle it 'll be like having a fleet of professional drivers with passengers sitting back watching a movie this is such a crucial development
4	living in chicago , there 's potential for travel times
6	the problem is that dumb baby boomers will balk at this technology after the first fatality ( even if it was not the fault of the software ) they will accept <> , <> deaths year due to driver error than <> , <> year due to software i , however , fully and totally support this initiative i hope that within <> years you can buy cars with this technology i 'd buy one
8	not every accident is caused by poor driving , but a lot of them are even the accidents which would be " unavoidable " for humans might possibly be avoided by a computer cpus are so damn fast and the huge amount of information they could gather and process every second could allow for detection of dangerous conditions malfunctioning parts in microseconds
4	the google cars will drive great , that is unt no carrier
6	do n't you think they 'll have onboard calculation for this instead of just cloud based ?
6	good news for google , i suspect now the other <> just need to follow
4	i , for one , entrust robots with the safety of my vehicular travels
4	this is great news ! ! ! it removes one of the largest obstacles for creating vehicle platoons ( i e berkly study ( http www path berkeley edu path publications media factsheet vplatooning pdf ) , etc ) finally we can begin to reap the rewards of close following and platooning , which are not only ( apprx ) <> in fuel savings for the follow on vehicles , but also potentially great for traffic density and road capacity limits
6	i'm shocked i thought it would take years
6	over <> , <> americans died last year from car crashes that 's far more than the total american death toll from sept <> and both wars not every accident is caused by poor driving , but a lot of them are this issue could save more lives than any other except a major medical breakthrough
4	makes it easier to get a hummer from the prostitutes
4	time to go buy my dream car before normal cars are gone forever geo metro , here i come baby !
2	we wanted flying cars not driver less cars ! whatever
4	i was talking about these cars , reasoning why they would be better and it occurred to me that if some driver less cars were stopped at traffic lights , they could bunch up , bumper to bumper this would be for protection against any other cars rear ending them , spreading out the impact over all of the cars , as opposed to just the one at the back ( this being , as the google car demonstrated , being a remaining danger with autonomous cars )
4	yay progress
6	my only concern is how will the machines know when it 's time to be fixed whats happens if it breaks a small piece of the car ? does it know to stop ?
6	it 's all fun and games until lulzsec hacks your car
4	they should just make these all taxis so that they have an excuse to run over the tourists that cross the street anywhere they like on the strip
2	illinois already beat them by authorizing brainless government employees
4	nevada is a good testbed for this stuff actually it has a nice variety of driving conditions , but a fairly sparse population so they can stay away from traffic when they want to , and if they want traffic , they have las vegas and all the routes that go to it
4	much more than humans presumably robots wo n't tailgate , or get roadrage , or get distracted ( like the young woman who rear ended me a few weeks ago )
4	it has
4	the google cars will drive great , that is unt no carrier corresponding ( http www amazon com gp product b003vnkneq ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin b003vnkneq )
4	this is not about dumb baby boomers it is about human psychology and specifically misunderestimation of probability based on the frequency of of exposure it is not news when there are car accidents or even fatalities due to car accidents because they are so frequent on the other hand if an automated car crashes it is big news so it will get lots of coverage couple that with the natural fear of the new ( which is probably because of a higher survival rate of people who fear unknown animals ) however if there is a more gradual transition to into automated cars it should be much more successful for example ford is developing an early warning system that will alert the driver of a possible collision when changing lanes , approaching an intersection into which other traffic is not slowing ( rear end or side impact ) and more all it does to begin with is make a noise and turn on a light , but it could eventually control the brakes and throttle then all they need to do is add steering and you have a fully automated car , but using a slow transition that people will probably be more accepting of
4	as long as i can manually drive when i want need to
4	come to think of it i bet they do n't use hayes compatible modems , either
2	la is n't in nevada , silly p
4	i have a feeling that car manufacturers will still give drivers options for manual control , but there would be laws against utilizing manual control in unsafe situations for example , i would expect there to be a fine if you disengage auto pilot while in a tightly packed platoon at <>
2	oh shit ! i bet google has never thought of that possibility
3	also , you can have a <> lane la freeway packed at rush hour moving at a respectable speed better for commute times
6	out of driving <> , <> test miles so far , the google test vehicles claim only one accident , where their car was rear ended by a distracted driver
2	you 're confusing your capitals it 's only by anonymous if it says anonymous on it , otherwise it 's by anonymous
2	i think that 's where the confusion arises the moment anonymous became capitalized , it ceased being formless without definition , and started the process of becoming like the big bang , once the radiation and plasma and whatever the hell had dispersed and matter started to form
2	anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude it 's just become a lot more common recently , & there are people who think they control anonymous , & people trying to take away our freedom to say something anonymously , & fuck them both i 've got nothing that i need to say apart from my identity , but if i did i would hate for either group of assholes to deprive me of that right
1	anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude agreed ( http books google com books ? id wqo aaaaiaaj & q anonymous & dq anonymous & hl en & ei gsofts khismsqovostedq & sa x & oi book result & ct result & resnum <> & ved <> )
2	eh , did you really think we 'd believe that without any proof ? i mean , it certainly does n't help your case that the guardian has been caught lying on this topic already & that my comment is n't showing up on my profile , but whatevs , moron edit the comment where i say ff is still not on my profile
2	the logical fallacy arises when anonymous denies responsibility and no one else claims it by definition , if no one has claimed responsibility , the culprit is anonymous if anonymous then denies responsibility , non anonymous must claim it if non anonymous does not , then anonymous must and so on
2	who do you think writes the press releases the news parrots ?
1	seriously , any asshole in the fbi or cia who wants to know who i am can look it up this sn only protects against spam & that 's all it is meant to do i do n't even like lulzsec , i genuinely suspect they 're a false flag operation it 's fucking trivial , they 're using sci clearances , & it 's only <> <> people imo
1	secretive ? what the fuck is secretive about lulz ? they 're public irc channels
2	during one exchange , a hacker named neuron starts an iama ( q and a ) session for lulzsec on the website reddit for " funzies " and to engage with the public this immediately raises the ire of sabu , who puts an angry and abrupt halt to it " you guys started an iama on reddit ? " sabu asks in disbelief " i will go to your homes and kill you if you really started an iama bro , you really do n't understand what we are about here i thought all this stuff was common knowledge no more public apperances sic without us organizing it "
2	these chat logs were posted elsewhere over a week ago
3	if this becomes a reality t v show i 've lost all remianing faith in civilization
4	i hypothesize that this is a government 're d team ' or 're d cell ' operation , aimed at building support for government intervention into internet security from both the public and private sectors i cant agree more
1	they started their own false flag conspiracy theory lol all the reddit believers !
6	they 're still referring to anonymous as a group sigh i do n't want to dismiss this whole article due to that subtly , but seriously is it that hard of a concept ?
6	it 's amazing how so many people fell for something utterly lacking in evidence
1	i will go to your homes and kill you i'm sure everyone shook with terror because crappy black hats are known for being super cereal about every threat ever
1	your a moron the guardian provides no proof that there is n't a false flag operation , & is incapable of doing so
1	if you think the government is n't trying its damndest to convince people that a regulated internet is a good thing , you 're out of touch with reality and a group like lulzsec is exactly the thing to convince people that " hackers " are out of control its all just too convenient how do you know this guardian article is n't a cia disinformation campaign ? fwiw , i was posting weeks ago on messageboards and on irc , that lulzsec could be a cia front so atleast some part of this " false flag conspiracy " came from me and not lulzsec
1	they do the same thing with al qaeda
2	if " anonymous " can issue press releases claiming responsibility for something or denying it , then they are a group i do n't care what the original meaning of the term is , or what it means on <> the fact is , if ' anonymous ' can say they did n't do something before anyone else claims responsibility ( implying that the real culprit is not " anonymous " , and will purposefully reveal him herself ) then a complete and total divide by <> clusterfuck singularity will occur when the real culprit does n't it 's a logical fallacy
2	it is a group though you could say it 's a group of birds or flies group is the only term easy enough to use without explaining what exactly anonymous is also , because journalists suck
2	o no we haz no leaders dat meenz we arnt a groop wen will dey understand
5	you 're an abject failure , and must have not read the article the lack of proof is itself proof of nothing
2	they being the government
2	um , ' anonymous ' ca n't deny anything because they do n't know other anonymous however , since anyone who wants to be apart of anonymous can be , anonymous ( you ) can claim responsibility however , it does n't mean anything because really , you 're just claiming responsibility yourself while being quite literally anonymous this is why considering it a group is silly it 's a group in the loosest of senses the only people who are not apart of anonymous are those who claim to be somebody thing else
6	why was he hesitant to answer the question
6	full featured malware ?
8	oh , sorry , no , it installs , it just does n't have any of the fancy <> bells and whistles , no vector graphics , etc it certainly still works though
6	i do n't understand how it ca n't work on there ? i have a shitty mytouch <> and ever since i got the <> <> update i got the updated maps with turn by turn , transit , etc
1	damn , none of it works on my htc wildfire oh well first smartphone and it 's already obsolete i think i'm going to go live in the woods
2	the new version of maps crashes on me all the time i 've been using it to navigate a new city all weekend and it locks up constantly
2	they should offer full city packs for offline usage , its useless when you 're in an area with no <> signal
4	it gives questionable " best routes " in chicago too it 's useful but far from perfect
2	not to mention the areas are tiny it still does n't replace a gps app
6	i use it in philadelphia and it seriously has changed the way i get around the city it 's amazing before all i knew where the trolleys , now i am a bus master as well and can get anywhere in the city pretty easily
2	my experience in philly is that the times may be a couple minutes off for stuff like trolleys and subways , though it is often pretty damn close , and many times accurate to the minute buses are hit or miss though with the times , but what can you expect that 's just the fault of the public transit and i know our buses do n't have any fancy gps shit , even though it would be awesome the one thing about those timetables here though is that while they might not be accurate about the time it arrives , the total trip time is almost always accurate down to the minute for me at least
4	hmm strange , i would think a place like nyc would be fine it works great for philly and nyc has way better public transit as far as i can tell probably works well in dc i would imagine though i would have also imagined nyc would be fine so maybe not
4	actually it works on android <> <> and higher , so it should ( and does ) work fine on the wildfire
2	private ! for profit if a bunch of people got together and pooled their resources to create a company that made a telescope and kept it up it would be the same as taxes going to nasa , except voluntary
2	lol its not a sunday afternoon project kind of deal , it costs huge amounts to launch something of the required scale and technicality into space , then to maintain it , dissect the information , and map the information and organize the information and all this , people would do for free ? lol seriously and there is a difference between " no profit " and " little profit " yes private companies exists with little profit that do good work , but there is n't a private company out there that does something that would be their primary function and require all their manpower for absolutely no profit
7	a great deal of the work on the project is done by a private company ball aerospace my roommate works on the jwst at ball , though , and i have a lot of admiration for their engineering
6	but the president controls the dialogue isnt that what the dems say ? yup
2	launching and operating a space telescope is probably expensive as fucking hell there 's no way in fuck a bunch of donations and volunteers would keep it running
5	too bad it was n't named the ronald reagan telescope infinite funding
6	ca n't they set up a private donation fund or something ? surely there are enough people in the world who care about science and astronomy that we could make this happen ourselves
6	how many people bitching about cuts on nasa actually man up and donate to private space programmes ? https www xprize org donate
1	another thing obama is going to kill ? when will he be satisfied ?
3	everyone should probably contact their representative to voice their support for nasa telescope i fear that our government does n't realize what gutting nasa will do to science technology interest in america for years to come
6	from the article the cost of the observatory has soared from an initial estimate of <> <> ( <> ) to more than <> <> ( <> ) as a result , budgets for other astronomical research projects have been slashed , leading the journal nature to describe the james webb as " the telescope that ate astronomy " how do you know that those other astronomical projects that have been shoved aside for jwst were n't scientifically more worthy ? that kind of thing has certainly happened before a good example is gp b , which nasa 's planners ranked last on the list of missions they were doing , but its backers got congress to force nasa to prioritize it over the missions nasa thought were much better science wise
5	i have n't read a single statement from obama on this the republican majority house wrote the proposition , which has n't been accepted by the senate yet
6	i recognise it , but where is that quote from ?
2	no profit edit many small wealth individuals would support the gain of knowledge about our universe even some private companies would donate , ( if they could write it off as charity ) but no one singular corp will send a telescope to space because there just is no profit in it simple as that
1	private means non public public means government nonprofits are private companies but they do not seek to turn a profit ( but they do still require money and pay people large sums if needed )
2	that would be perjury if she does in fact remember the password
6	you posted in quotes , what 's your source ?
3	that 's the scary thing they do n't have to prove her wrong if a court orders her to decrypt the drive and she does n't she 's in contempt period and the judge could jail her for life because of that
1	good luck with that eff over here in the uk and the eu , judges have been falling over themselves making daft analogies as excuse to force people to incriminate themselves edit england and wales supreme court s & anor , r v <> ( http www bailii org ew cases ewca crim <> <> html ) the judge said , " the actual answers , that is to say the product of the appellants ' minds could not , of themselves , be incriminating the keys themselves simply open the locked drawer , revealing its contents " what fucking nonsense
4	the best analogy is probably this let 's say that i'm a suspected bookie , and that i have a book that is indecipherable to anyone and they think i know the code the book could have anything , it could have family recipes that i did n't want to share , it could have my own personal finances that are completely legitimate , it could have nothing but the finest brazilian fart porn , it could have all the bets placed through me , or it really could just be random letters typed by a monkey the question then is , can i be ordered to decrypt my own book ? and if so , if i say that some sections are just random doodling or nonsensical phrases , can i be thrown in jail for not " decrypting " those sections , even though they might not have a decryption ?
6	let 's say they 've had enough probable cause to arrest you ( maybe someone that you may or may not know says they placed bets through you ) the question is is there any circumstance under which you can be forced to divulge from your own brain the necessary information to reconstruct other information that could incriminate you ?
2	me thinks you have no idea what you are talking about http www truecrypt org docs ? s plausible deniability
4	that 's interesting i live in england and although we have certain rights against self incrimination it 's not the same nowhere near as strict my own non legal opinion , i think if there is some kind of probable cause to suspect someone is breaking the law , e g someone reports that their company 's accounts do not add up properly and the accountant keeps all the documents on his encrypted drive , then it seems to me to be a good idea to order him to allow access to them as part of an investigation he is not being forced to confess to his crimes as the only witness , because this is n't an interview or a question about his guilt , it 's just a set of exhibits really the crime in saying no might be willingly prohibiting an investigation or the spoliation of evidence ?
2	blame windows
6	i wonder if it is really " prove " or suspect because in a court of law , that two very different issues
3	the problem with this that if i lost key to the safe , or simply refused to open it , they can simply break the lock with encryption for all intents and purposes this is impossible and there 's no way to know whether the person really does not remember or is simply lying in this case it would be unfair to ask the defendant to provide something that he is physically unable
4	yeah , i fully expect the difference between the regulation of thoughts ideas and objects will start getting very blurry over the next decade take a look at bitcoin for instance , the closest regulatory analog for it is speech , there is no items changing hands between transacting parties , the data does n't even go directly between them , but to everyone clearly governments will want regulatory power over powerful concepts backed by encryption
2	oops , i must of glanced over that part
4	with the correct reciprocal motion , uteri reach high velocity
4	touch
6	how does one go <> mph in the kitchen ? & <> & <>
3	the first push back is going to be about kids is it making our children vulnerable ? to predators ? to other forms of danger ? we will immediately then regulate access i don t want to seem cynical because there is a reason why we worry about children , but i do think you can tell that s where it s going to start this is n't about kids it 's the first method in cheap justification the riaa mpaa are currently going on about this , claiming that isps need to filter the internet because of child pornography the thing is , once they have that filter in place , they can move onto the next step " think of the children ! " is the very first attempt at a scare tactic no matter the subject , some asshole will always find a way to twist and contort the subject into " this will harm children "
4	haha , hilarious i wish more people were intelligent enough to understand how socially normative and quantifiable their anxieties are so i could mock them about it really , pattern recognition is one thing humans are supposed to be good at , but apparently we are horrible at quantifying our own thoughts and actions i suppose i ca n't really blame these people for being scared , considering they evolved that way and all i speak from the position of a young healthy male , so i'm not really built to feel threatened by as much still , this attitude toward technology is why we are n't yet living thousands of years with harems of robot girlfriends ( or , other side of the coin , enslaved for the coming thousands of years by hordes of robot " boyfriends " , though i prefer the believe the first potentiality is far more likely )
4	" and it totally changed our relationships to other people in all sorts of ways , whether it was because you could suddenly cook for yourself so you didn t need servants " what high mountaintop do you live on ? most people have always cooked their own food only the pompous like this author , apparently , could afford servants
2	am i the only person annoyed with the misrepresentation of speed as acceleration ? there was some wonderful stuff about railway trains too in the u s , that women s bodies were not designed to go at <> miles an hour our uteruses would fly out of our bodies as they were accelerated to that speed there 's nothing wrong with <> miles per hour , its the acceleration it takes to get there
2	that picture is making it impossible for me to read the article do all female writers ' pictures have to be obnoxious and awkward like that ?
6	uteri ?
6	yep and usually you ca n't let that argument win because it can have bad consequences as with the article , could you imagine a world where we could n't keep the lights on after dark unless men were around ?
4	i saw an interesting ted talk she gave the other day on boredom
1	can i play too ? ? ?
2	you make a very good point why would a facebook friend not have skype ? <> they do n't have a use for it <> they do n't want to use it so basically it all comes down to having the convenience to video chat in your browser i still think if the casual public knows about ms fb , those two reputations alone could just trash the whole thing
2	compatible ? every friend of mine wants me to download skype whereas google chat requires a small browser extension
2	do you have all of your facebook friends on skype ?
1	yeah no one really uses it also " out of the box " really ? a ) it 's not out yet b ) facebook started five years ago and c ) they 'll have the same functionality at about the same time except skype is more compatible
1	fuck facebook and skype i am trying really hard to transfer my friend base to google open the gates google !
1	motherfuck , given my recent troubles with skype i really fear the future
2	too little too late plus i ca n't allow facebook access to skype data because we use skype at work for business purposes and the thought of that leaking into a site which ca n't protect privacy is a huge deal i'm pretty sure there are a lot of people in that situation
4	hahahahaha
6	the way things are going , i think either microsoft or google is going to eventually regret what happened this past week , but i'm not sure which yet i do think the timing is funny they announce it just in time to compete with google which coincidentally launched a few days earlier the release will probably be rushed out the door and riddled with bugs unless they delay it until it 's ready and hope people will stick with facebook on the promise of a future feature
4	i 'll join you , we can be new friends !
2	one bloated piece of crap integrating another bloated piece of crap yay !
2	but let 's look at this why does facebook need skype integration ? it 's not like i ca n't have two windows open at once why not just use the standalone skype program ? so we get facebook skype you 're in a video chat , well , it 's going to launch in a separate window anyway , right ? so again , why does fb skype have to be involved ? just use the standalone this is just microsoft pushing it 's newly bought tech wherever it can i predict failure
2	that 's why you make multiple accounts , it 's not like there is n't a free version of skype
2	and what is the download not compatible with ? you are confusing the requirement to download something with incompatibility even if you have to install a browser extension , you 're still downloading and installing something
2	is that a new feature of skype ? last time i needed to use skype i had to download the program
4	i 've had no issues
2	but , it only drives on approved iroads
8	round trips in taxis are significantly more expensive than driving yourself in addition , if you end up drinking without planning it ahead of time , that still leaves you in the situation of having to retrieve your car somehow the next day taxi 's work , but they are n't ideal a car that can drive itself is
4	we are already quite sure , statistically , that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents citation please no realistic real world experiments have been done on which to base such an assertion , afaik , and that includes google 's tests
2	i do n't know why you are being down voted for asking for proof
2	since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors , you 're telling me you have n't noticed that brown cloud over your city ? i hate to break it to you , but that exhaust sticks around the cloud accumulates and accumulates , that 's why some days have smog warnings , and after a good storm smog levels stay low for a bit while it builds back up the national cancer institute says there are about <> , <> cancer deaths a year from second hand smoke http www cancer gov cancertopics factsheet tobacco ets q4 this study from the european respiratory journal says air pollution is responsible for <> of all deaths in the us http www medscape com viewarticle <> <> is debatable , but look at other studies and nobody comes anywhere near as low as <> , <> look at the studies linked on wikipedia http en wikipedia org wiki air pollution health effects <> , <> nationally says one , <> in just la says another in many areas , air pollution kills more than car accidents do now i realize the exposure rates are different for both but they 're not nearly different enough to explain the number of deaths the fact is , short term exposure to second hand smoke does n't increase your cancer risk by any notable amount you really need to live with a smoker , or work where smoking is allowed to be affected , and even then the increased risk is miniscule ( i e that scary <> increase in risk is like going from <> chance , to <> ) the same is true of smog , but we ca n't really limit our exposure to that without moving to the country , so while the smog is n't as thick as the air in bars used to be , the cumulative effect is worse because it 's all the time
8	you are fucking delusional , sorry you do n't want progress because you are a paranoid lunatic the solution is as simple as having both alternatives to some , manual cars will be better , to others , self driven cars are incredibly convenient but you had to go all the way to " fuck you for not liking what i like "
1	the overwhelming majority of cars on the road today are not receiving proper scheduled maintenance ask some of your co workers the last time they check their tire pressure , changed the radiator fluid , replaced the windshield wipers , if their " check engine " light is one how many of them have delayed a big repair ( because of money ) ? now imagine a self driving car that is dependent on good readings from lasers and radar a bad reading could cause it to drive right off of the road talk to some of the developers of these systems and they 'll tell you that it does happen proper maintenance on the variety of sensors will be critical for many sensors , it can be very hard to ( for the machine ) detect when it 's bad or giving false readings
4	yes i have , it will need to be made law , strict fines for not replacing damaged parts
4	since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors nowadays , so is the vast majority of smoking
2	driverless vehicles not yet safer than human drivers they wo n't be on the roads until they are
3	will smith proved that one can drive an automatic car manually and fight off a hundred robots i dont think anyone will mind if you drive your automatic car manually on the weekends just watch out for the robots
6	just look at how long it is taking people to trust " drive by wire " in their cars robots are a bit further out , i think but just make it available to me , and i wo n't complain
6	just a thought that popped into my human brain at what point to we draw the line into letting computers robots ai control aspects of our lives ? sure ai cars can save lives , so a future society makes it illegal for humans to drive but ai could also save lives by regulating the types of food we eat , the activities we perform , sports , hobbies , etc kind of the idea of the machines saving us from ourselves the ultimate mom just sayin '
3	god by jupiter 's cock , i hope so , as currently i do n't drive
4	just in time for flying cars , right ? what an unrealistically optimistic prediction it 's not uncommon to see cars on the road from the <> 's in <> , <> years later seeing a driverless car in <> <> years will be like seeing a ferrari on the road today a rare but not totally unsurprising experience
4	this is a solution looking for a problem zero traffic deaths is a great sounding goal but not really important to the vast majority of people the media makes it seem like the end of the world when a baby is killed in a car accident to the parents and families it 's huge deal but to the rest of planet it is a much smaller deal however if google really wants to reduce traffic deaths then they should work on telecommuting it 's cheaper , saves lives , and reduces demand for cars
4	robots are better than you ( http www rocketx id au wp content uploads <> <> aperture my new boss is a robot jpg )
2	wtf i did n't ask whether robotic vehicles will only be on public roads when they 're safer than manned vehicles i asked how the op is " sure that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents " given that robotic vehicles are n't allowed on public roads , your argument is beside the point , and my request for a citation stands
3	from what i remember hearing , the cars are actually thought to drive so there is no direct programming done by the developers if the cars learn from their drivers , then ultimately any kind of response that may be needed while driving will be learned by each car and shared with the entire network http www businessinsider com google driverless cars nevada <> <>
3	no citation is needed that 's not how science works i'm not entrusting my life to such a complicated machine , based on the idea that some guy on the internet thinks it 's safe i know how poorly software gets tested and you are severely underestimating the complexity and failure cases for an ai system
2	imo , <> <> years in the future is a little too optimistic i think that what andreessen means is that the technology will be present and affordable in <> <> years , which i agree with but that does n't mean it will sell like wildfire never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility
4	dream on they have had airplanes that can land automatically for decades yet , humans still do the job go figure
1	i hope not i like driving i do n't want to live in a world where my stupid robot car takes me everywhere
6	no i'm not , i see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy this could be said about almost anything we use today even some public transportation means are being tracked all the time what about cellphones ? or hell , gps devices that aid pilots , drivers and pedestrians ?
4	there is nothing immoral about smoking cigarettes around other people those other people are free to leave , just as i'm free to smoke my cigarette this political correctness crap has changed this country <> years ago , you could smoke right at your desk at work and nobody would say a word about it
3	in this case , if anything goes wrong , the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck that 's assuming the car knows that something went wrong a bad sensor can feed it false data ( which happens very frequently in modern cars ) a machine operating on incorrect data can be very unpredictable
4	yeah , that is bullshit , but there will be certain situations where i will want , or even need to take over
5	yes , but the fastest option of all for me would be to have everyone else do that , then drive myself and either join them or speed past them when the opportunity allows the sad truth is that that is what everyone will choose , its game theory or whatever you call it the best choice for the individua will be different to the best choice for everyone as a whole
6	seriously or just sleep on long drives i'm so ready for this
3	bugs are a valid concern , but also a concern is that the software simply cannot , in the foreseeable future , be sophisticated enough to handle the many different conditions drivers encounter on the road the tests google have already undertaken do not inspire confidence in real world conditions if you look into the details
1	not all software development is treated equally as a software developer , i would hope you would take the time to further research and understand the process such a vehicle would take to become consumer grade and better educate the people around you rather than helping spread the fear you 're the kind of expert they get on the news shows to tell us how we 're all going to die do n't be that person further more , a malfunctioning car would become a huge problem , all parties involved will be in serious trouble and the problem would resolve with beneficially advancements for everyone a drunk driver is the only person at fault , it 's just another drunk driver , nothing ever gets better except more and more government ads
1	as opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital ? are you so stupid to think that your life is on a daily basis put in the hands of code written by someone , whether it controls the city traffic lights , or a nuclear power plant and what the hell is an indianese ?
8	and people like smoking cigarettes doing something in a way that will statistically kill more people just because it 's fun is clearly immoral ( given a sufficient different in the casualty rate )
6	what if i like driving and smoking ?
4	it would have solved the problem , if we started down that road <> years ago unfortunately with the current highway system and cities designed around automobiles there is a much greater incentive to increase efficiency and safety of automobiles automating the cars will help accomplish both goals i'm sure you will still be able to drive legally out in the country
3	the car you 're driving is much more likely to give someone cancer than my second hand smoke is
1	yeah , then again , how many people get killed because of shitty driving vs second hand smoke ( serious question ) i for one , would love self driven vehicles , so fuck you for wanting to stop progress just because you like driving
8	i always say driving is way too much responsibility for people to be taking on themselves i give you exhibit a http en wikipedia org wiki list of motor vehicle deaths in u s by year pretty much <> , <> people a year being slayed by cars
6	this makes me think could you still get arrested if the car is driving itself and you are drunk ? what if you sat in the backseat ?
3	people are also shit at maintaining their cars a poorly maintained self driving car scares the crap out of me
8	lucky you , the majority of the planet 's population is n't so lucky
6	a tiny fraction of a percent of people will a lot of money use a roomba and you think that confirms that we eliminated human cleaning duties ?
1	firstly , stop fucking posting that link it 's a fallacy , specifically appeal to worse problems secondly , no nothing to do with this
3	regarding your answer to <> have you seen how poor people are at maintaining their cars ?
1	if a roomba ca n't get my floor competly vacumed if ileave a few socks o nthe floor , then how can a car guarentee to get me between a b in the outside world with nature and shit
2	ca n't tell if trolling or has legitimate mental problems
1	get off your high horse roads are expensive to build and maintain , and the public should n't have to subsidize your entertainment , especially when it entails substantial risk to others when computer drivers surpass human drivers , manual vehicles should be banned , or at least relegated to private roads
2	complaining about " hivemind " and downvotes thats a downvote
6	its cool enough people got the message , and dug me out of the negative pit now the comment is visible to those wishing to participate in the same quality discussion that once made reddit great
4	which is exactly why i love my state 's love for toll roads for future road projects socialized roads are shitty lowest bidder operations when they are n't contracted out to politician 's cronies i cant wait for a snow crash situation where we have competing companies building roadways until then there is always private race tracks and other autonomous paved surfaces to exercise the only thing that keeps me around chasing the edge that said , my concern is also compounded because my job as a private courier requires i drive as fast as the situation allows computerized control eliminates any advantage i have over competing drivers and relegates me to however slow some man behind a desk thinks i should drive though i suspect it will quickly be possible to reverse engineer the controls to push the " set speed " or what have you to a higher limit with grey market modifications
4	people 's cars break down all the time they still depend on them and use them every day they just get used to things breaking down in this case , if anything goes wrong , the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck but yes , the first few generations of the technology would need a manual override , but i 'd see that generations of kids that grow up with them would just accept driverless cars without a second thought
3	and this is why the cars wo n't be adopted quickly not because you 're right , you 're not , but because people will agree with you regardless reduce the number of traffic fatalities from <> a year to <> and people will still freak out because it 's a machine causing the fatalities now ridiculous , but that 's how humans think
1	i like driving , so fuck you google guy for equating that with giving people cancer a well connected rail network matched with efficient public transit would solve the problem much more to my liking than simply replacing cars with driverless cars
2	computers are notoriously bad at " thinking " problems while a human can instantly recognize objects , threats , and make decisions , computers can not computers ca n't make decisions at all , but can only follow logic written by a human on how to recognize and handle different types of situations there are tons of issues with this that as of yet , have not been addressed <> automated cars are designed to take you to a destination , but that is n't always what i want to do sometimes i might want to go for a drive while that may not make sense with an automated car , say your on vacation , and want to cruise around doing sightseeing and stop when you see something interesting how would an automated car do this ? sometimes i need to haul stuff with a truck , which means i need it parked at a specific place , in a specific direction to load and unload stuff programming a navigation system to do that would be completely impractical sometimes i want to stop somewhere , or drive less than a mile programming the navigation system to do that would take much longer than doing it myself <> gps navigation is still bad it usually gets the destination wrong by a couple hundred feet to over a mile i do n't want to walk a mile , unless that 's what i intend to do ( my parents house on gps is wrong by over a mile so do n't try to tell me i'm wrong ) <> complexity and bugs there 's a reason why we do n't already have autonomous cars ai systems are complicated and buggy , and a real world self driving car system has many layers , and many opportunities for failure <> cameras and lidar must have clean sensors to work what happens when it gets splashed with mud ? <> failures engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car , including flat tires , broken axles , transmission issues ( mine ca n't ) , or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt ( mine ca n't ) in addition , they ca n't determine the scope of the issue , and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately google does n't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests wait until the car is <> years old and see how well all of this works i 'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure yet i 've survived partial and complete brake failure <> times i'm being super critical of this technology because we need to be i'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it 's an option and not a requirement
4	yes , it works fine but there was still a pilot in the seat two of them , i 'll bet
1	how about fuck you for pushing your morals and interests on me for the sake of " progress " you can have your self driving car and i can have my manual car i will laugh when people can just flick a switch to turn off your car and track every mile you drive have fun with progress
4	that 's an interesting assertion can you point me to some studies regarding the two ? as i understand it , the primary issue of second hand smoke and cancer is one of proximity and confined space , ie smoking in the same room as someone since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors , i would be quite curious to see a comparison study aside from that , i'm not championing the internal combustion engine as a propulsion device , merely the ability to drive my own vehicle
6	i 'll wait for the ios app
3	a poorly maintained car being driven by someone not good at maintaining it does n't make me feel any better , honestly
6	i cant wait ! im takeing drivers ed i fucking fail at driveing so bad but shit i need to learn !
6	i guess that depends on your definition of moral i personally welcome a little risky fun like jumping out of an airplane , or smoking a cigar , or riding a motorcycle i do n't think less of humanity for letting me risk my life like this
6	google have the power to ban you from driving ?
1	" ten to <> " anyone else bothered by this shitty editing ? it 's either <> to <> or ten to twenty
3	i imagine such cars would be set to be totally law abiding and fuel efficient in their driving style that would make them considerably slower and frustrating so they wont catch on since its both more fun and faster to drive oneself and to speed and over take as one deems appropriate ( to be clear , i very rarely speed and i am a conservative driver but i understand why others are different )
1	fuck these dirty liberals i will continue to drive my polluting , fast , loud , manual sports car while smoking my cigarettes and flicking the butts at the people who complain about it this is america , where we believe in crazy shit like " liberty " and " freedom " fuck 'em downvote all you want the more you do , the more wrong you are
4	it will be a cold day in hell when i let go of the ability to mash the throttle , of any vehicle , to the floor for those who do n't understand the thrill of the edge , feel free to sign away even more personal responsibility to the machines i 'd love to see the government try to ban manual vehicles within my lifetime edit as per usual , non hivemind opinions are relegated to downvote hell read some reddiquette and tell me if the opinions of someone whose profession it is to drive fast contributes to the discussion or not
4	i welcome this in the urban areas , it 'd cut down on traffic and most people are shit drivers if you think about it it 's insane to put someone behind a multi ton hunk of metal barreling down the road at over <> mph and not expect massive casualties it 's a goddamn killing machine ! most people just are n't responsible enough and it 's amazing we do n't have more casualties that said , i live in butt fuck nowhere up in the mountains , and there 's no fucking way in the middle of winter with a couple feet of snow on the ground that a car will be able to drive in hazardous road conditions like i can with my years of experience self driving cars will be great for general commuting in the city , but there will always be a place for the skill of a human being what i worry about , is that without the practice that comes with driving regularly , we will become less skilled at manual operation , resulting in more accidents when the car is n't running on auto pilot
3	so just like how autopilot saves lives ? bullshit it will always be the drivers fault no matter how many computer systems are making up for their lack of skill i really dont see self driving cars going well in the country with varying road types , conditions and hazards
1	bullshit have they ever watched any movies ? we 're always entirely optimistic about what the near future will be like <> , blade runner etc we need to look much further away maybe <> years
2	the difference between me and a machine , is that it will eventually break when we have these cars , please allow me the option to take over
6	it 's definitely doable especially in cities that have well maintained roads another big challenge will be overcoming pranksters with cans of yellow and white spray paint
4	same here , sadly i'm not at the age where i can have my license ( i 've had a learners permit for months though , damn new york laws ) from what i 've experienced , i love it and look forward to it and i really dont want google taking my option and preference away
3	i actually was on a flight once when we had to land in really bad weather strong rain and side wind the pilot warned passengers that we 're landing using automatic system it was the softest landing i 've ever experienced
3	the trouble is some robotic solutions need <> robotic driving to make it safe , eg to avoid unplanned lane changes o nthe highway , or allow lightless intersections where cars miss each other by inches
3	failures engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car , including flat tires , broken axles , transmission issues ( mine ca n't ) , or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt ( mine ca n't ) in addition , they ca n't determine the scope of the issue , and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately google does n't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests wait until the car is <> years old and see how well all of this works i 'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure yet i 've survived partial and complete brake failure <> times with the right sensor packages , computers could do far better at this than any human they could continuously monitor thousands of pieces of data on all aspects of the vehicle and do n't get me started about coping with failure computers can handle vehicles far more complex than any human ( such as quadrotor helicopters ) computerized traction control systems far exceed human reaction times when it comes to countering loss of traction i'm being super critical of this technology because we need to be i'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it 's an option and not a requirement it wo n't be a requirement until it 's widely deployed and shown to reduce ( or even eliminate ) accidents and fatalities
6	no problem , just install a driving simulator in your car
6	gosh , so simple that 's all it requires
3	i believe i'm being trolled , you 're not making sense
3	google already has them on the road how do you evaluate " safeness " of an ai system ? human driver certification involves testing a subset of vehicle handling and decision making skill computers cannot make decisions other than what they are programmed to do , so such a test is not sufficient , yet it 's impractical to test all possible situations
3	it 's so very simple yet , it 's taken decades to even reach the testing phase i do n't think you understand how incredibly complicated building an ai for a car is seemingly simple things like staying in the correct lane have proven to be exceptionally difficult to implement
3	i think the google car had gps in the mix of tricks it used , so hopefully no one can pull loony toons style stuff no drawing a line off a road into the side of a mountain my fear is that we 're going to completely overreact once something goes wrong even if these cars are on the road for , say , <> years and save hundreds or thousands of lives the first time one runs into something and kills a family we 'll lose our shit
2	im all for self driving cars , but i will never buy one that does n't allow for manual control , and likely will use the manual control because i am not a terrible driver , and i actually enjoy driving
3	robots do exactly what they are programed to programs have bugs programs have to be explicitly written to handle all types of potential issues programs have no concept of laws
3	robots do n't break laws , only on a technicality that a machine is not required to keep laws the same way a human is a robot with incomplete incorrect out of date programming could easily violate a traffic regulation how will self driven vehicles deal with new locality specific regulations anyway ? have periods , speed , get sleepy , have emotional issues , have other robots to backseat drive , eat , put on makeup , talk or text , have balls , try anything crazy , try to <> up other robots , and are n't showoffs , but they do have software bugs , hardware faults , susceptibility to electromagnetic interference , sensor limitations and fixed priorities in less than ideal situations so i assume the more quickly the transition , the better personally , i think the slower and more through the development and approval process the better i do n't want half baked ( or even <> baked ) systems in life critical roles e g a self driven car may aim to protect itself and its occupants in a situation where a collision is imminent a human driver may decide not to avoid a collision so that his car acts as a barrier to protect others e g pedestrians a computer would almost certainly never do the " right thing " in such a situation and would probably be criticized no matter what it did
3	the output cases of the ai are only five fold slow down , speed up , steady as she goes , steer left , steer right at high level , yes , but how do you draw these conclusions ? think about what something like " steer left " actually means when you steer left , you turn the wheel to the left simple but what if your steering is misaligned ? what if the wheel is already turned all the way left ( meaning you would need to stop and back up before turning more ) what if you 're in reverse , and actually need to steer the other way ? what if you are on ice and further turning would cause a skid ? all of these things need to be included as inputs as well , the sheer amount of inputs to the system are staggering now another example accident avoidance simple at the lowest level , as you said you either turn or brake ? but , what happens if there 's a bag in the road that flies up in front of the car , or an empty card board box falls off a truck or a cat jumps into the road we can evaluate the potential damage from these obstacles in a fraction of a second , but the computer ca n't do it at all sometimes people get these wrong too i 've heard of people crashing into poles because they swerved to avoid a chipmunk size of an object is n't enough on it 's own to properly evaluate how dangerous it is what if a brick is coming for your windshield ? it 'd be far better to hit pretty much anything else , because your car 's safety systems will protect you , while the brick coming through your windshield will kill you computers simply cannot handle these situations , but they do happen
3	such cars would be set to be totally law abiding that could be the thing that slows legalizing these cars consider how dependent many cities are on the revenue collected from folks breaking traffic laws
4	think of the cars moving on the highway or city streets like flocks of birds of schools of fish all changing lanes , braking , accelerating as one there would be few delays regarding traffic , slower people holding you up , indecisive or inattentive drivers what may seem conservative could be faster in its efficiency
3	it 's one of those situations where humans like to think they know better when the purely logic driven decisions of a computer would do a far better job with " that much responsibility " , as it does n't weigh it in such a bias manner in the first place as a software developer , i am dreading the day i will lose my life because of a software bug in my car i should know better than most people how easily programs have bugs do you really want some outsourced minimum wage indianese to be responsible for building your cars control software ?
4	while saving lives and everything is all good , i am happy to just be able to read a book or watch a movie while going to work
4	absolutely we are already quite sure , statistically , that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents it 's completely due to both our pride and our reluctance to entrust our lives to ai systems although i would absolutely love to have a self driving car , i know that most people consider it too " human " to surrender it 's akin to telling someone that a robot can write a better poem , or play a better game of baseball you 're spot on with the malfunction scenario as well sadly , people inherently distrust robots the funny thing is that when this technology matures , our kids will be horrified when we tell them that we let people drive cars " but what happened when they fell asleep or got distracted ? ! "
3	since you do n't accept " taxi " as a valid answer , how about a designated driver ? how about you try being freaking responsible and stop drinking well before you have to leave ? drunk drivers disgust me , but a robot car would help prevent idiots from killing innocent people
6	i 've seen the future
6	awesome comparison , i ca n't wait to be able to delegate all my time consuming fun activities to a computer so i can devote my time to playing farmville and buying the new dvd box set of " something or other series <> or whatever " ( i know that was n't the point of the article , but goddamn it )
4	imagine you are driving down a road , and you are coming to a t intersection where another road runs up to your road you see a car at that intersection waiting to enter your road you can see the driver of the other car , and see that he has looked in your direction and sees you coming , and is waiting for you to pass you do n't need to slow down even if you see them start to move , you can often judge that they are just positioning themselves in anticipation of you passing , not preparing to pull out in front of you now imagine your car is a self driving car it probably ca n't see that the other driver is yielding , and so will have to be a lot more cautious at that intersection it probably wo n't be able to distinguish someone starting to creep out in anticipation from someone who does n't see it coming and is about to pull out in front once all cars are self driving , this wo n't be a problem because they should be able to communicate with each other so your car approaching the intersection would know the other is waiting anyway , it seems to me that in a mixed self driving manually drive environment the self driven cars are going to have to drive very very timidly do deal with the unpredictability of the manually driven cars i expect to see jokers going out and essentially herding the self driving cars the same way you can herd a frightened animal by moving toward it to make it run in the direction you want it to go
3	i wholeheartedly want this the problem is liability , who will get sued when your car automatically drives into someone and kills them ? one could say that the driver is always the liable part , but that kind of kills the meaning does n't it ? even if you reduce it to a mere " automatic accident prevention system " ( which in some ways we have in parts already ) the driver could argue that this system prevented him from avoiding the accident this technology is ready , but the legal system around it is not , hope they can solve it though , i look forward to the day this technology will save tens of thousands of lives
2	how many people really know exactly their destination and route before they leave the house ? hell , even though i drive to the same workplace <> days a week , it 's almost never the same drive some days i 'll stop to get donuts for the office , or grab some breakfast , or hit a drive through for some coffee and most of the time , it 's not until i'm within sight of the donut shop , or coffee place , or whatever that i decide some days when the weather is really damn nice , i 'll roll the windows down and take the long way to work how boring it would be if i just punched in my work address and got shuttled there every single day
4	i guess you 're right i suppose much of my opinion on this is due to my lack of understanding of the technology and what it 's capable of that and my personal bias towards my own ability it sounds amazing and more capable than any human could ever be , as you describe it what i do n't look forward to is the inevitable application of this technology to machines of war without the risk of personal injury or death the barrier to starting a war becomes much less significant what will keep us from war in the future is our growing economic interdependence , not personnel causalities but that of course is another topic entirely it 's cool tech providing we use it for good things !
3	i would hope that the tech would be smart enough to detect errors and have it 's own sort of " check engine " light it would be illegal to let your car drive itself if that light is on but i'm sure there 's a dozen other things to work out before this is viable , but the google self driving car definitely showed , imo , that it 's doable
1	no i'm not , i see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy i agree that their needs to be two options , manual or robotic but to tell me that i need to conform to this type of transportation , for the sake of " progress " is complete bullshit an just to clarify you my friend said " so fuck you for wanting to stop progress just because you like driving " , which is exactly the same as " fuck you for not liking what i like "
4	fair point
4	in all honesty , i would rather run the risk of hitting a bug than having to deal with thousands of drivers on the roads who for some reason cannot get to the supermarket fast enough and people make hordes of mistakes anyway , even while driving
2	never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility never underestimate the reluctance of the average insurance to trust a robot with that much responsibility the consumers do n't matter
6	the technology is present today , and affordability is just a matter of ramping up production even moreso for versions of this with limited scope , like for purely freeway driving that tech is very mature by far the biggest obstacle in my opinion , even more than consumer scepticism , is liability who wants to be the first car manufacturer whose robot driver killed someone ?
4	you ca n't trust illogical humans either robots do n't break laws , have periods , speed , get sleepy , have emotional issues , have other robots to backseat drive , eat , put on makeup , talk or text , have balls , try anything crazy , try to <> up other robots , and are n't showoffs , so i assume the more quickly the transition , the better
4	people will love it , because it frees up time to do other times during a long boring commute just like people love google search , because they have n't the time nor the know how to search the internet themselves so a software robot does it for them ,
4	people are shit drivers , i welcome self driving cars wholeheartedly
8	think about how this will affect traffic cops , i bet many of them will be out of a job ( or transferred )
6	this is like one of those " tomorrow 's world " predictions by <> household robots will be common , cooking and cleaning will be a thing of the past ! ! !
6	are you kidding ? roombas are dirt cheap all of my friends have one
6	because technology obviously is n't static ?
3	as opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital ? in a hospital , most of the software is used for monitoring nurses still give medicine , doctors still perform surgery the role of software is expanding ( auto injection pumps ) but at a fairly slow rate heck , even domestically produced software can be problematic microsoft used to hire the best and the brightest yet , crashes were so frequent that the blue screen of death will forever be part of our vocabulary this was a software company , their only focus was software do you think an automotive company is somehow going to be better at software ?
3	indian people who live in india the difference is who has control people have complete control of how those systems work in fully automated car i have no control over how it drives i'm sorry , but that is what this article implies would you trust a car that you have no control over and where is no option for manual mode ?
3	granted , the generalized machine vision part is hard but per above ( http www reddit com r technology comments ilz3b google working on selfdriving cars ten to <> c24wl8l ) the winter driving knowledge of the ai will be profound but about the winter driving part , wrong let 's speak about the inputs and outputs the inputs you have are your vision ( often impaired by harsh glare in bright snowy conditions ) , your motion sense ( internal accelerometers in ears and toes ) , and your winter driving experience the robot car should have all these and more , superior to your meager human abilities example , radar to read the temperature and stiffness of slush piles ahead lidar to perfectly anticipate the uneven road surface microsecond by microsecond awareness of the traction condition at each wheel the outputs that you have to control the vehicles movements are the steering , accelerator , brake , clutch and handbrake to build the most adroit winter capable autonomous vehicle , it would be four wheel drive , the robot controls acceleration and braking individually for each of the four wheels , as a human you just ca n't do that four wheel steering with ' pigeon toeing ' ability just because it might come in useful as a human you would n't be able to cope with that as well , automatic ' live ' suspension , attached to a control system that 're ads ' the road ahead with radar lidar and on a sub microsecond basis tunes the suspension stiffness at each attachment point on the chassis for a pretty smooth ride i would like to have an autonomous vehicle with systems as i 've described above then the challenge would be to get it stuck !
1	what the hell are you talking about ? the comment is about self driving cars ( hence the use of the term " self driving cars " in the title ) and not mass transit geez , i 've heard of people commenting without reading the article you commented without reading the damn subject line
4	any programmer working on the route software will make it versatile , you will probably be able to select several destinations , one being the final destination and the car drives to them all , ending with the final , in the most efficient order
4	i could definitely see driving on public roads being banned in our lifetimes roads being full of self driving cars would be a million times more efficient than if it was a hybrid of self driving and normal cars it will open up all kinds of public transportation options ( ordering a car to your doorstep , telling it to drive you anywhere where there are roads ) most people just wo n't need want personal cars and thus wo n't care about people like you you 'll be outnumbered and outvoted however , you 'll always be free to drive your car on a private track if you feel the need this will all be a slow transition , of course but i could definitely see it happening in our lifetimes , assuming you are n't <> this is the future of transportation , especially in the us
4	i bet a lot of people said the same thing about cars back in the days of horse and carriage fact is , people still ride horses today only they do so for pleasure rather than work why would cars be any different ? i 'd imagine you do n't get too much pleasure driving a car in brutal rush hour traffic on long daily commutes let the car drive itself during those boring times and drive yourself when you 've got an open country coastal mountain road to enjoy
6	i can see these coming as a selling feature in new , top model cars in the next <> years ( as the bugs are ironed out , since most of the basic technology already exists and already works ) , and mainstream in another <> years ( as the technology gets cheaper ) it will catch on in the same way that abs , airbags etc caught on , and after about <> years will probably be legally required in all cars for some countries , and gradually spread from that i think that it will sell like wildfire as long as it is a built in " latest feature " airbags really only started coming out in the <> , abs in the <> , this one will make that whole commute thing much more acceptable as long as it is reliable set destination via gps , then sit back and read , listen to music , watch a dvd , surf the web , the car alerts you when it gets into trouble or gets close to the destination why would it not be grabbed onto , once it has proven itself for <> years without too many issues ( assuming it does ) they would just have to make sure it does n't run windows , otherwise the bsod really could be death for multiple people
2	driving around a small town with low speed roads i would n't mind but i would n't feel comfortable going over <>
4	come on america , get your republicans under control and come and join the rest of the world in space ! we 'll be waiting for you , like the vorlons but less weird
6	this is what i always thought , for an entire week all of reddit said that now the future of the space industry is nothing , because the us has decided to end its shuttle program the us is not the world , if it does not move forward , others will the space shuttle was not the be all either the level of arrogance and ignorance on display was astonishing
2	this thomas reiter dude has always been giving overly optimistic interviews i do n't think he is taken very seriously at esa
4	welcome to reddit !
2	do n't kid yourself , the usa ( and to a lesser extent russia ) still run space fwiw , i was the mission operations manger for thomas reiter 's " astrolab " mission half the people working that mission were americans i should probably do an iama
4	i definitely welcome this the trendy fanboys nowadays love to ride goog 's nuts but there are all sorts of huge issues with having google as powerful as it is ex google has admitted that it uses whitelists to manually override its search algorithms , more than a year after its european corporate counsel denied the existence of whitelists when defending the company against antitrust complaints in the eu <> ( http www theregister co uk <> <> <> google admits search algorithm whitelists ) so if a google algorithm " hurts " the ranking of a site that google likes , then they simply do n't apply that algorithm to that site however , if your site is not " liked " by google , then the algorithm will apply no matter what search engines can determine if a business lives or dies google handles more than <> of global searches , so if there is any whiff of bias then there is antitrust concerns complicating matters is the fact that google keeps expanding it 's scope to include more and more services for example , can a shopping comparison site ever hope to compete with google shopping ? google shopping is has become one of the main search categories displayed on google and then there 's the fact that search engines get " smarter " as more people use them google keeps all it 's advertising and user data for itself , which makes competing with google almost impossible the idea of having a company who makes billions and who cannot have a legitimate competitor is a serious issue
2	yet at the same time big conglomerates like time warner , viacom and others are allowed to consolidate and take over whole industries with nary a peep from the federal government ? am i wrong for thinking this is a little hypocritical ?
2	edit i think my comment was misinterpreted i think antitrust laws need to strengthened still , google wo n't be an easy case for the ftc to win , experts say under u s antitrust law , it is n't illegal to have a monopoly only to abuse it i think the antitrust laws are ridiculous the google is the closest you could get to " not abusing " a monopoly in most cases , there is no fair monopoly they do n't have to do anything special to " abuse " it google is working out great for a lot of consumers , but the question is do we want to have industries related to web based or electronic advertising and search services , or do we just want one basically public utility for that , run by the google ? of course we want to have the search and advertising industries continue to exist we do n't to be limited to only one option
4	google is not a monopoly because the barriers to entering the search market are low and google is not preventing anyone from doing it contrast this with microsoft you launch an os you need software to work on the os but microsoft ensures that software will only work on their os microsoft is a monopoly that damages america 's economy google is not
4	maybe google should offer the head of the ftc a high paying job like comcast did with the fcc
6	some companies complain about the way that google ranks its services in its " natural " search results is it wrong for google to always display it 's products first in its search results ? like if i google search for " email " , why ca n't gmail be the first thing that pops up ? i do n't get it
4	if google did that then no other email system could compete even if it was <> times as good and there was a lot of interest , google could kill it no one wants completion to be removed from web apps google is not a monopoly but if they did that they would be
2	for the same reason microsoft got in all kinds of troubles for having internet explorer the first browser people use with a windows system
4	i guess i just find it interesting that people made fun of bing for returning google as the top result for " search engine " , but google 's in trouble precisely because it may have rigged it to work like that
4	very good
4	then the pirate bay is like a vatican or mecca
7	thank internet for that !
4	inglip demands blood
4	call it the freedom heritage liberty file sharing system and it 's gold
2	i very much doubt that
4	yes , " piracy "
8	if file sharing is a religion then that makes me a high priest
1	dammit ! so close do the same thing in the us and call it " christian " somehow suddenly no politician will touch it
6	hey , it was worth a try
1	but the great god piratebay will get angry if i do n't share !
1	good , because that 's fucking retarded
2	this is an outrage !
6	i am amused
1	they are on isp 's lan they can configure their dhcp to give any address they want they are implementing nat , who gives a shit what range they use
4	while the isp can definitely do this , they should n't the ip address <> <> <> <> should be available to be assigned within someone 's private local network of course , most users are n't going to use <> as their subnet since they do n't need <> full octets of addresses , but it 's definitely considered " bad practice " , if nothing else
5	i am <> <> <> <> ! ! ! i have lots of room to expand to my three laptops ugh
5	the isp 's lan as you put it is the same thing , so is <> <> ( corperate ) and <> <> what 's the problem ?
5	i have secured the isp lines into this apartment complex , and am running dhcp off a shittey flashed linksys router assigning private addresses to those that want them !
4	with that much room , you can probably add your friend 's computer too
4	wait , i'm in pakistan and i have heard nothing about this
5	i have n't been to pakistan in over seven years but is n't mobil link a mobile phone company ?
3	please do n't bring this here , please do n't bring this here
5	hey guyz i keep trying to ddos it but keep getting request timed out wtf ?
2	that address is in the <> <> <> <> block ( one of the private ip ranges ) do they have all of their customers behind a nat ? also , are they running every one of their customers through a single server ? because that 's just dumb
5	i ca n't figure out if this post is either an indication of total technological stupidity , or a joke
4	openvpn is amazingly powerful , but can be tricky to setup there are many guides on the internet , and this is one of the better ones it is so flexible , i have a setup with a customer that has multiple locations and multiple roaming employees a single openvpn server running within a router handles both the router to router ( and full communication between each network ) connections of remote offices and roaming users at same time the clients are set to resolve retry infinite , so as long as they have internet , they all have main office connection , and roaming users that switch connections ( lan to wireless mobile ) are able to reconnect without user intervention ( the number of calls i used to have to deal with because the laptop refused to reconnect to other vpn types , never get calls anymore ) i have setup ipsec , pptp tunels , and even linksys vpn client , and none of them were as stable as openvpn in terms of flexibility and easy of management once setup ( never have to touch it again , and if a router dies , just paste back configuration and back up again ) also , found openvpn communications to be faster and smoother than other methods , just be sure to use udp
2	well , you know , when a company releases pos operating systems for decades on end , always promising the next one will take care of the problems the last one created , the only thing you can count on is that if you were foolish enough to upgrade , you will hate it and it will still be a pos when you get to know it
8	sea ray looked like n9 except it had physical trigger button for camera it can just be one of the many n9 betas they have adopted for the integration testing purposes and for promoting their devices to operators and partners the final phone they release may look nothing and be nothing like n9 for customers even if the core hw design is just much upgraded version of n9 from the developer perspective
4	yea for software patents !
8	to be fair , microsoft 's <> , <> , <> and <> waves generally are n't impressive either the kinect being an exception
1	what the hell ?
1	wow hell of a definition
2	eh rim still has a huge stronghold in the corporate userbase it is eroding , but frankly not as fast as it should given how crappy the product is but the userbase is worth something nokia is also a sinking ship but ms basically bribing them to turn them into a win shop may play out well , it may not i think ballmer was an idiot for spending that much , but who knows
2	that 's really not what gets them a bad reputation with most end users things like windows me is what gets them a bad reputation if you do n't buy a company 's products because they play games with software patents , then you really are n't left with many companies to buy technology products from
8	so use linux or a mac or something and do n't whine so much pos does n't get to <> market share , you 're simply wrong
8	promoting your standard is n't anti competitive in fact , its completely the opposite
4	i 've been using microsoft os since <> ( my dad worked for ibm ) so i 've lived the history of their os releases and anxiously awaited the new releases with high hopes only to have each deliver new levels of suck until xp came out and by the way they did n't get <> market share by not having a product that sucked they got it through dirty tricks , strong arm tactics , having its employees engage in fud campaigns against ibm 's os <> while it was still partnered with ibm to develop os <> stealing ideas from what should have been os <> 's future to release in nt instead while causing endless delays in os <> 's development they also kept promising the moon for each new release to keep people from jumping ship another one of their dirty tricks was to have as part of their licensing agreements with the pc clone manufactures that they would pay licensing fees per computer shipped , regardless of whether or not a ms os was installed they also retaliated against computer companies that tried to ship other operating systems by threatening to revoke their licensing agreements , and legal action against them companies fell in line pretty quickly you probably do n't know any of this so you sir are wrong i 've been following the computer trade journals and news with a passion since <> , i 've had subscriptions over the years to most of the industry mags including pc week ( now eweek ) i switched to os x in <> and could n't be happier until os x came out i was a life long apple hater then my brother showed me his apple clone running os x in <> and i was impressed , he opened just about every application he had , including photoshop and several video files and the os did n't even jutter the video if i had tried to run any three of those programs my windows machine ( running xp and about three years newer than his mac clone ) would have froze requiring a reboot i still did n't jump on board because their hardware still sucked and they stopped licensing clone manufactures then the power mac g5 came out and i was in love , snapped one up and never looked back
4	i agree about the clunk statement , i feel the same about desktop linux
4	soon my friend soon
2	support seems to be dying by the day yet , the number of apps keeps growing at a great rate face it , flash on mobile is full of butthurt , and it 's just never going to take off
6	nokia is in very tight spot next year will be really interesting they have incredibly good logistic chain and they can really churn out phones like nobody else and still make profits , but their share of phone market is going down so rapidly that it might affect their negotiation power with component provides before they can increase volumes again if you look at the hardware in n9 , it 's just incredibly good phone if they manage integrate wp7 into it and make it interesting , they have change to win big but if their first line of windows phones flops , the whole company will go down and somebody will buy them for peanuts as future of the whole company depends on first few windows phones they make ( and possibly the future of mobile windows ) and they still have lots of cash , i could imagine that there will be pretty intense marketing campaign next year and the phones will be best they can possibly make
8	nokia is spiraling out of control by the time they introduce their winmo phone the game will be over
5	yea it 's dead people keep their phones for a few years
5	window phone will do fine as long as corporate america still revolves around microsoft exchange with rim losing ground fast , ms will have marketshare to take for those people whose lives revolve around email i have an droid x and love it but connecting to a corporate server is not painless last job they would n't allow it as there was no way to remote wipe the phone if lost ms understands that and has opened up office365 to add more features to that customer base plus , expect some things between facebook and microsoft that will bring a base of customers to that platform there is room enough for <> operating system in the phone market ms may not be <> or <> but they will have enough marketshare to remain profitabl
4	steve ballmer is the most profitable ceo microsoft has ever had
5	yeh , lack of <> is the killer right now for them maybe in the fall when the second batch of phones and mango comes out , it could be a different story
6	and apple is licensing " ios " from cisco you 'd be surprised at just how much of this stuff goes on in the tech world
8	it 's not technology windows phone series whatever <> is a good os by all accounts i think they just came in too late
8	to be honest , i think one big issue is that people have negative opinions of microsoft , so when they release a new product , people seem to dislike it before even getting to know it
4	good os does n't count for shit symbian was good , meego is good
6	the rate at which android share is growing is just amazing to me over <> in <> months
8	give it time there first wave of wp7 devices was n't that impressive because first waves never are in two more years we can comment on windows phone marketshare , but in the meantime it 's like blaming hyundai for poor sales in the first year in the us i know windows movile existed before , but in reality they are nothing alike in the end , love it or hate it , <> year is n't enough to decide whether it 's dead in the water or not
8	it 's time to get rid of steve balmer microsoft simply has no vision and no direction anymore i have n't personally used wp7 but everyone who has tells me it 's a great the problem is that no one gives a shit about microsoft anymore that 's not just due to to poor marketing , either the company simply lacks vision and is incapable for formulating a cohesive plan to get consumers excited it does n't matter how talented your programmers are if the top of the chain ca n't formulate a way to lead the company down a clear path , the company simply wo n't go anywhere it 's time for microsoft to find a new ceo
2	it upsets me that this is happening i love my focus , and i love metro , but it 's hard to continue to feel happy about its future when it looks so dismal support seems to be dying by the day adobe says they do n't give two fucks about porting flash over , and so on good attempt , and i hope they bounce back and when my contract is up in <> years i 'll still want another w7 phone , but now it looks like i 'll jump ship
6	from what , <> to <> ?
4	the nokia deal should help with that since nokia has pretty good distribution frankly i am more excited by mango than ios5 which i am running now but i want my next phone to be lte and there does n't seem to be any indication of when that might happen
2	yah sticking with symbian for so long instead of diving into meego full speed was a bad idea
6	sea ray is basically the n9 for win , right ? we shall see i was surprised that ms did n't pick up rim instead since they are going down the drain fast
2	do you have down syndrome ? microsoft having their own standard for their own product is not unethical
4	good for you that 's exactly what i said use a mac do n't call an os a pos because you do n't like it this is what 's called an opinion opinions are subjective
2	i'm not sure how that 's relevant just because a company makes a nice product does n't mean they are ethical yes , ms office is a nicer piece of software than libreoffice openoffice org but microsoft was still incredibly unethical about the development and standardization of their file formats
2	it 's not so much the promotion , it 's the lying , the vote buying on standardization committees , lack of cooperation with the larger community of developers , naming their " standard " in a similar confusing way to the competing ( real ) standard , including proprietary components in their " standard " , not even implementing their " standard " correctly in their own software , etc etc etc
1	you made me spend so much more bandwidth i hope you 're happy ! (
5	well , the marketing may not be poor , but it 's certainly uninspiring why windows phone when it really has nothing to do with windows ? why not a cool new name for this new metro ui os ? really jazz it up but no , what is it ? windows phone <> and people get paid to name products yawn , ms yawn
2	that 's too bad it 's a solid os , and very different and very pretty i always tend to feel like i'm a hipster with this whole smartphone os thing since i really like the alternatives like webos and wp7 ios and android are competent , but i 've never been completely happy with either but itt more competition is good fanboys everywhere are sickening
8	they really really really should have installed silverlight and the full net framework on windows mobile <> <> people are now upgrading from winmo <> <> to android windows phone <> is currently incomplete until at least this winter when they release their major " update "
1	i do n't blame ballmer , i blame the fact that hr has pretty much been running microsoft for about the last <> or <> years , which i guess is ballmer 's fault but not directly to make performance reviews more objective hr pretty much turned them into checklists every year you create a set of commitments , and your annual review is based entirely on whether you achieved them or not so your most important skill becomes " managing your commitments , " which translates to carefully " crafting " your commitments so as to guarantee that you will achieve them your review becomes a simple matter of checking off what you promised , and you make sure that the wording insulates you from any failures around you your project can go sideways and you can get a good review anyway as long as you can check off your commitments this system is a powerful motivator for everyone to make their work as predictable as possible , to take as few risks as possible , and to " push back " when changes come up in the <> and early <> microsoft was run by geeks , in the late <> and early <> it was run by accountants , and now it 's run by hr edit i should add a disclaimer that i have n't worked there in <> years , so my information may be out of date
2	you put forward some information in a discussion , telling someone to google rather than either declining to link or actually providing a useful link is just plain rude
1	i think it 's cute that a single redditor thinks he knows everything there is to know about a multibillion technology corporation , and exactly what needs to be done to get people to give a shit if only we were all as wise as you
8	agree they do come up with some neat stuff , but tend to blow millions promoting it or just keeping it alive long enough to be picked up by the market it s as if they generated no buzz at all aside from kinect , i don t remember a ms product gaining much atention their top people lack the charisma or drive
8	both ms and rim are waaay behind the competition android and ios are getting better by the day plus ms has an image problem it 's just not cool
8	if only they 'd put as much effort into making a decent mobile os as they did into their current anticompetitive antics , it would be worth buying one
2	you are a hipster oh well i guess there has to be a few around everywhere
1	by " way behing " he means " nobody wants it like zune nobody wants it
2	they still make zunes ? holy shit i honestly had no idea i'm going to have to investigate this
8	you would know better than i do since you actually worked at microsoft , but as an outsider , i get the impression that the level of skill is n't the issue as far as developing products goes , microsoft still has some of the best in the business the people at microsoft know how to program and create software like very few businesses in the world do so the impression i'm getting is that it 's not the quality of what they make , rather it 's the decision making itself it 's what microsoft chooses to focus on , where they allocate their resources , and their overall direction as a company you can have the best programmer in the world but if upper management assigns him to a useless product , his skills go to waste that 's what happened with apple when steve jobs was gone they still had incredibly talented people but without direction , they were working on products that went nowhere and made the company greatly falter but once jobs returned in the late <> , even though the general staff remained pretty much the same , the company suddenly rocketed into success because jobs and the new team of executives actually had a plan and a vision for apple i do n't work for microsoft and i'm not familiar with the company 's inner workings , so i may be talking out of my ass here , but as an outside observer , that 's the impression i'm getting
2	this the guy who names ms products really needs to go windows phone <> ? wtf kind of name is that ? the windows brand is not welcome outside it s pc realm fucker would have called the xbox the " windows game station <> " if he had the chance
4	define " way behind the competition " windows phone <> makes android look clunky
6	what , you do n't think they put a lot of effort into promoting docx at the expense of odt ( http en wikipedia org wiki standardization of office open xml ) ?
4	i love my zune hd which i got this past march , but long term support looks glum basically , wp7 is your new zune hd
5	not available to me yet , and i have a google account
4	yippie ! ( http i imgur com oa17r jpg )
1	google is now open to anyone with a google account " for some unknown definition of " anyone " at least it is n't available to me
8	i thought the whole thing was hilarious
4	good the whole nonsense about wanting copying to become a religion is ludicrous , as is the whole idea of allowing any kind of religious exemptions from laws
4	yeah , it sounds like it allows you to ethnically cleanse your profile or something or to commit war crimes on the annoying people who write inane shit on your wall
6	i think you 're asking the wrong guy , i do n't work for google you should try their support line , however i highly doubt they have a " blowjob assistance department "
6	how is google free of privacy worries ? it still allows you to post things publicly people will still do it everytime you post something , you choose which group you want to share the post with each individual group has its own icon and it 's has easy as click the x to remove that group sharing a post is n't public by default , it 's sharing to the last group you 've entered it 's much , much easier to not share a post with everyone than with facebook
2	i hate the links to facebook i do n't have facebook and hate it when i click a link to a private site that requires a login
4	someone just got <> 'd !
2	and that 's really your only choice , is to ignore them and hope they forget and go away what if they meet up with you in person and " remind " you to add them , though ? it 's not a solution , it 's just ignoring the problem
4	relevant comic ( http www pvponline com <> <> <> plus or minus ) i guess it 's a good thing they ca n't see
4	you can see if someone has you in their circles , but you ca n't see which circle you 're in hey , that 's fine i 'll make a " random dickhead " circle , and avoid the awkwardness of managers and clients wanting to friend me sooo ca n't wait
4	i ca n't wait i 've had it with facebook on so many levels
4	that 's awesome , the only girls i ever met from bulgaria were smokin ' hot
1	via email ? shit
1	this article is wrong and misleading about a lot of shit it 's not just that google has <> person video hangouts , or that google is magically free of privacy worries how is google free of privacy worries ? it still allows you to post things publicly people will still do it google has created the opportunity for facebook weary people to perform what one called " a reset on facebook , " allowing them to escape from facebook members they 've friended over the years but do n't really want to interact with and ca n't quite bring themselves to defriend you can block people on facebook i have <> of my " friends " blocks and do n't interact with them at all but you 'll never be put in the awkward situation of receiving a friend request from someone you do n't really want to be google friends with nor will you have to face the awkward decision of whether or not to defriend a former confidant with whom you 've fallen out just remove them from your circles , which are never revealed to other users you can see if someone has you in their circles , but you ca n't see which circle you 're in
6	balkanize your social life are we talking bad haircuts and severe vowel shortages ?
4	but you 'll never be put in the awkward situation of receiving a friend request from someone you do n't really want to be google friends with this ! ! i want this ! ! for some reason my worst clients and most prickish managers always want to be facebook friends what is that shit ?
4	i trust google one hell of a lot more than facebook i ca n't escape the idea that zuckerberg would through his grandmother under a bus for a buck plus google i think are better engineers in general
6	are the invites working now ? did n't they close off the service to new users ?
6	what is the " social life " ?
4	or , in other words google , so no you can be excluded from social cirlces online as well as in real life !
2	i want to balkanize my social life this , <> times , this i am sick of getting invites from random people , or people i have n't seen in like <> years i hate all the facebook app bullshit i get and all those social invites that i never paid any damned attention to i want a social network that actually integrates with my social life google is already in my email and on youtube , sharing is easy and a majority of my friends already have a google email address google also has n't censored any of my posts , facebook did this to me a few times , either taking it down or just downright denying me the ability to post or even send it as a private message most importantly google actually allows me to control the information i want to see and what i want people to see , instead of subjecting their users to massive amounts of data vomit that we need to manually sort through we can look at what we want to and that 's it amazing
4	my real life social life is ' balkanized ' because that 's the way i like it i'm willing to bet that most people are similar i do n't know anybody who goes to the strip club with their mom or to the bake sale with their drinking buddies
6	is it possible to have overlap between different social circles ? for example , if person <> is in circle a and b , but person <> is in circle b and c if i want to share a link to circle a , but not c , would it be easy to pull this off ?
4	this ! prior to google , there would be so many times i would find an awesome geek link but would n't share to fb because , well , you know this brings more balance to everything
4	totally agree it 's one of the reasons i do n't use facebook i do n't want to mix my work with my family
4	exactly i do n't go to the movies with my colleagues i do n't drink booze with my customers i do n't talk operating systems and networks to my family balkanization is precisely what we want
4	i clicked through the whole thing everything he says makes sense , once you see it , it becomes blatant i liked it
4	yes , it is for example , i have several people from my ' friends ' circle also in my ' internet ' circle and my ' esports ' circle , and it seems to be fine with that
6	omg , google , put your cock in my mouth
6	is n't that what it means ?
2	it 's not a solution , it 's just ignoring the problem yep a client i could n't stand sent me a friend request , and reminded me of it that day in a separate email while i 'd love to say " oh god , i ca n't stand you , i just want your business " , it 's less hassle to just cave being able to accept friends without consequence will revolutionize my networking right now , i really have to filter what i put on fb
6	assuming that people really do seek approval in the form of ' likes , ' does n't that make interaction online just like interaction in the real world ? have n't people always been able to approve or disapprove of things others say online ?
6	i do n't know what google can do that would have the chilling effect on innovation microsoft did in the late <> 's with their policies google has contributed more to open source and standards possibly than any other company ever as the article says , ms was reined in by competition , not the government as soon as there is a viable competitor , we will see google lose market share
6	yes , but is it more energy intensive to pour some molten metal into a cast and let it cool , or have it spin on a lathe while you apply a chisel , or have a <> printer chip away at it bit by bit ?
4	it really is n't consider that all the left over powder ( material ) is likely re usable then consider that you 're completely eliminating the assembly line and shipping process if these stations were near you in this case , you 'd license the " wrench " blueprint , maybe resize it to meet your specific job 's needs and then print it out locally at home depot it 's really good for <> off jobs and rare parts as well consider a bumper for your car currently practice factory in china makes a bunch of bumpers they get ship to distribution warehouses you go to your local car dealership they have to then ship from a warehouse to your dealer <> printing a bumper raw material gets shipped to your local printer from the most economical source the dealership sends the specs to the printer and has it locally delivered your old bumper ( assuming it was <> printed as well ) , goes to a recycling center which recovers the raw materials for future printing everything is one off made nothing sits in a warehouse shipping is all local things can be made to your exact spec
4	might be great for a long term mars trip , but only if you had schematics for every item tool you would need already built in also , it would need to be able to construct complex circuits chips out of various materials including pcb , metal ect
2	yeah , i was thinking there 's no way they printed that without fixing it up in the software that would be a crazy accurate <> sensor
6	the real test if i hit " cancel job " will it stop fucking printing ? if so then i 'll be impressed
1	i want to punch that host in the face
6	so , did the scanner image the inside of the original as well ? i'm curious how it did the moving parts , since a good bit of that would be impossible to view from the outside
4	there is lots of bullshit in that video first , they fake the scanning process , ( actual wrench is different ) then the end result is very fragile in practice currently these printers are good only for prototyping this does not mean that <> printing is not fairly advanced already there are <> printers that print parts from titanium it can be used for making titanium implants etc joint strike fighter will use parts made with it rolls royce if developing the technology to make it accurate enough to manufacture parts for jet engines
6	did that guy just totally pirate a wrench ?
2	it 's an exceedinly wasteful way to make a wrench
4	i saw this on stargate sg1 and it has to do with these robot people who live in the stars it 's gonna be fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine
6	no they left out the portion where they touched everything up in their modeling software
1	good eye now i'm a little disappointed damn you technology , progress faster ! i want none of this overeager promotional bs
2	yeah , they faked the details of it <> ) there is no way they got the internal workings of the wrench with their scanner the parts inside where the " dial " drives the ' tooth ' bit <> ) they used a model of a wrench built in autocad or similar software
1	what a ridiculous stretch of a title ! the idea behind this work is that if you run this software and you take a picture of other people who are also running this software , then it will be able to automatically tag them in the photos imagine a combination of facial recognition and spatial reasoning via wireless communication reasonable reading of this by including my phone in the loop , i may actually have some say as to whether or not i get tagged at all when people take photos of me furthermore , i would get information as to who is taking pictures of me , which is a great heads up as far as potential privacy violations are concerned sensationalist reading of this spies !
2	in it 's current form , the only thing it does is prevent average web users from accidentally stumbling across websites they would n't have come across anyway this filter is useless and i am strongly inclined to believe that lobbyist groups from the movie music industry are somehow behind it of course it is n't being used to filter websites that allegedly host copyright material right now , but it just makes it that much easier for the filter to be re purposed in the future for such uses and this could be done closed doors without any oversight
2	of course it is n't afaik the only thing it does is rewrite dns requests
4	good read , all that remains is to see how many unlike them now the competition is over
4	certainly was a very successful campaign not quite so successful as the heist though great article , keep it up !
4	that thing would high center on a speed bump
4	that 's a pretty picture i also draw terrific spaceships when i'm bored
2	it may be that the flat sides are to be removable panels or something , i hope because that thing does n't look like it can turn ive seen trucks have to get into some pretty tight places to load up and if the thing ca n't turn hard it 's useless
5	is it just me , or does that thing look like it 'll have an even harder time turning ?
6	but , will it blend ?
2	bullshit sensationalism improving aerodynamics alone on a big rig will not double fuel economy
6	know how accordion works ?
6	yes i have this is a repost
6	that is also pretty awesome , though it seems like a half way point between standard drive systems and what the op showcased note , the hog drive wheel has transmission and steering in one , with less than <> moving parts ? i do n't think the forklift shown here is as functional or well engineered edit now that i 've finished that yt video , i can assuredly say that sidewinder is hella more complex , and i do n't mean in a good way five motors ? ! ? the hog can function at over <> ( seemingly ) of omnidirecitonability with a single motor , and gets full <> omni with <> motors
2	corporate america has fuck all to do with business in china trying to compare western morales and standards in business and culture to those in china is a ridiculous comparison if you want to compare then compare their actions in china to other businesses & organizations in china if they 're on the good side then then they 're doing good , regardless of how that stacks up anywhere else in the world a country and culture does n't change in giant bounds , it changes as a gradual shift in a direction if they chose to leave if they could n't play by american rules while working in china they 'd be out and something likely government controlled would be put in place
1	but we need our monies ! ! ! ! fuck the people
2	so it 's like the super reaching interpretation of the usa 's commerce clause with an " if you are n't with us you 're against us " idea on economic participation ?
6	ms & cisco they know apple 's " walled garden " will be easily fully embraced by the chinese gov ' t and they want to stop that ?
6	i 've been living in china for a few months now and i'm not really understanding if china really is all that bad the people here seem to love their government and are optimistic , and how the government works very much synchs with the people 's own opinion on how it should be perhaps we should just mind our own business
2	pundits in the press and on the internet have been saying that microsoft is pure evil for over a decade everything microsoft does is either evil , or is not good enough to make people change their views of ms 's evilness the best example of this is the " bill gates borg " ( http a fsdn com sd topics microsoft <> png ) icon used for all microsoft stories on slashdot org it 's a picture of bill gates as a borg , representing the " assimilate or die " evilness of the man apparently becoming the world 's biggest philanthropist is not enough to change people 's views of him so yeah , i think it 's a smart move by ms to say " fuck it , if people are always gonna view us as evil then let 's be evil if we can make money from it " it 's not like critics of this move were using bing anyway
6	so we start hating on microsoft again ?
2	as ever , corporate america will choose to make money rather than bother about morality just like ibm supplying tabulating machines to nazi germany so they could maximise the efficiency of the final solution and the bush family firm doing business with the nazis even after the us finally got round to making it illegal to do so
4	i think microsoft is ( at least partially ) a force of good http www microsoft com about corporatecitizenship en us our actions in the community employee programs aspx
2	" like other online platforms that do business with china , microsoft will be required to self censor its search results " sounds like nothing new for bing search results
2	capitalism does not work that way good night
6	refusing to assist the chinese government would be minding their own business , yes ?
2	i'm sure " microsoft " ( because it 's basically just <> or <> people in a room , right ? ) care about what the press ( sorry , reddit ) thinks about anything it does unless it makes business cease to want their servers to work if so , luckily , they have an entire division of the company to deal with that " youse guys , fuck it , right ? people think we 're evil let 's just do evil first , let 's get some lucrative contracts providing the chinese government with networking systems and stuff it 's the perfect cover for our real evil plan advancing an opressive political regime oh noez the eff is telling us off ! "
2	there is a middle ground between actively helping a totalitarian regime and actively standing against it i'm not sure about microsoft but cisco has crossed a moral line by aiding and abetting the chinese government in it 's censorship technology sure they make profit but at what cost ? i do agree that there is nothing any outside forces can do to compel any nation state to embrace western ideals of freedom and democracy
2	indifference to good and evil is a capitalist ideal
2	they funded a third party as a weapon against linux companies they routinely manipulate internet standards and psuedo standards solely for their own fiscal benefits they have bought off people on standards boards to get their things through in order to keep government contracts first <> that popped into my mind
6	i agree , i think it should be far less i was just clarifying how the law works
4	well he has had <> years to make money and ca n't pass off a free license for " charity " that is just my personal opinion though
2	infringing on something that is <> years old copyright law as it stands is a joke
8	i think if the image was n't for an album then fair use would have applied however , in this case it would appear to be a copyright violation otoh , my opinion is that after <> years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain
2	my logic is probably flawed but i look at it like this <> did anyone who directly worked on the project receive direct financial gain ? <> is it possible to confuse the two works ? <> is the work in the spirit of the project ? can a <> bit system replicate the work ? <> how was the derivative work licensed ? <> did the creators understand licensing ? the licensed the songs so why did n't they attempt to license the picture ? <> how was the work created ? was it handmade or a stock filter with some values changed ? if it was just a filter how much were the values changed from the original photo ? i think the answers in this case would provide a pretty clear answer that said these pictures look an awful lot alike compared to his " legal " examples the artist is an ass imo for not just giving them a free or nearly free license
8	i do n't think he actually has a fair use case the work is not transformative , it is derivative , and it directly relies on the fame of the original that would have been fine if it was n't for profit and it was tied to a political or satirical goal it was n't it was art for profit , and not fair use
8	copyright does n't expire until <> or <> years after the creator 's death in the us it is <> years , but i believe it is <> years for most countries also , it does n't really matter whether the image was used for an album or not , fair use ( also called fair dealing in other countries ) does not work that way whether something is considered fair use has to do with ( among other factors ) the way in which the alleged offender copied , displayed and or adapted the original copyright work and for what purpose fair use is much less concerned with the original purpose or use of the artwork even if the photo was taken just for a family photo album , if you took that photo and pixelated it without the photographer 's permission , it is likely to be considered copyright infringement if andy were to have pixelated the image beyond recognition or had he combined it with other elements that made the new image far different from the original work , it may have been okay however in its current form , the image is just too similar to the original work that i can see how it may be considered a violation of copyright law it 's basically the exact photo with an <> bit filter applied , similar to taking someone 's photo and increasing the color saturation for example even if andy manually painted in each pixel to form the artwork , it still does not change the fact that it is essentially a direct copy of the original work with a minor stylistic change
8	otoh , my opinion is that after <> years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain the photographer ( http en wikipedia org wiki jay maisel ) is still alive he 's the one that created the work that was allegedly infringed upon
8	with you until the " artist is an ass " part
1	the real question is why should someone keep getting paid for something they created <> years ago
5	that 's the rule the american people want or allowed others to have , even if they did n't want it
8	copyright does n't expire until <> or <> years after the creator 's death and in his opinion that is bad
4	i like to hear your comments about what this practically means
5	at least with windows , linux , and osx you can still do work without access to the internet and i do n't think i 'll be able to live without all my music , videos , and photos sitting on my hard drive the cloud is just not big enough i do n't want to have to pay for storage space
7	i can tell you as someone who uses chromeos in a corporate environment it 's just great , it just always works i do n't have to worry about it going down , i do n't have to worry about loosing it , i can even leave it on a plane and not worry about it this would have been great as an alternative to windows xp when it was released and not mentioning what you 're going to do when connectivity is missing ( which , even in a city , happens in lots and lots of place ) does not make the issue go away
4	very interesting article laughing at how the us is playing dumb
2	the middle east is the last place anyone should want or encourage nuclear armament too late ( http www fas org nuke guide israel nuke )
6	that sounds like a pretty good deal to me
7	the second half of that i was not aware of thank you for the clarification i do have a follow up question though would it have been possible to make minor changes to the virus to enter into other utilizations of the software ?
4	that is an excellent point and the following post then offered further clarity as well ( post by magcius ) i'm guessing based on this that the whole point of this virus was to stop or slow down iran 's nuclear proliferation i'm also guessing that this was the creation of some superpower , the work of the cia or some such clandestine organization makes me wonder what 's out there that hasn ' t been found there are some very smart people in the world and given their aptitude , their passion and a butt ton of funding there 's no knowing what they could create
1	not to be a jingoist jerk here but they successfully cleaned up a virus that allowed iran to continue building nuclear weapons ? i do n't think that was a good outcome i'm not very relieved in fact i'm all for reinfecting their systems the middle east is the last place anyone should want or encourage nuclear armament
2	this is what i do n't get the virus was designed to be delivered to systems that are not connected to the internet , but then it tried to download content instructions from the cc servers ? it would also try and grab compromised dll 's for the siemens software
4	fascinating stuff , i 'd love to hear what 's in those last encrypted files
2	the only problem with that logic is that pcs7 controls systems are utilized in very disparate ( and global ) industries from brewing to oil services and everything in between to not neutralize the threat could have meant derivative programs being used to wipe out large scale manufacturing , exploitation and service personally , i would n't want to see those effects no matter how much i 'd like to see iranian nuclear power potential weaponization stopped it 's just like the aclu standing up for neo nazis we may not agree with the point , but any reduction in efficacy of the system is dangerous for the rest edit revision for grammatical clarity sorry for the error
2	facebook run forest run your days are numbered !
2	facebook fears that users will flee if they have the tools to export their data users will flee because they do n't want facebook holding their data hostage bye bye facebook , i hated you from the start google is not that evil
1	are you kidding me ? this is facebook making sure apps do n't get all your friend 's info and start spamming them not sure why everyone is turning it into something else
4	if you do n't want to use these contact exporting tools , then do n't use them simple as that after all , it 's not like google is going to send out thugs to beat you up if you do n't transfer your facebook contacts to google there are , however , people who do want to transfer their contacts from facebook over to google for whatever reason , and facebook 's making it extremely difficult for them to do so
4	good and evil do n't exist , that 's the problem google is simply a company granted , they know that treating their users better than what they are used to will do wonders to your overall userbase they are also incredibly forward thinking compared to most companies they do n't just worry about todays profits , they look to the future that 's why they have their hands in nearly everything to do with technology sorry to rant , i just get tired of the google good evil argument i personally love google because they treat me decent and have many services i enjoy using
2	evil is figurative speech ofcourse ) in this case for not giving you enough control over your data until google implements rss for listings and option to export everything you entered , i will consider them evil i will still support their service as being the lesser evil , compared to facebook
4	yeah , they disabled apps which got the names of your friends and their email addresses , which are very useful for spamming
1	fuck everything about this every time i think about this poor man that gave us so much , i get goosebumps and nearly weep
2	i read somewhere that the apple logo of apple computers may be a reference to turing 's method of suicide a poisoned apple
8	looks simply to be that people begin reading paragraphs and move on to the next paragraph if it is not engaging enough their second screenshot is stupid because it has an image inset in the gap
8	i'm pretty sure this is culturally dependent if your sentence structure reads left to right , top to bottom someone scanning the article this make sense for now if you took japanese or chinese , i 'd imagine it 's an inverted and rotated f
6	i would n't be surprised if it is the same for virtually all texts
4	exactly
2	i saw the op 's article in my rss feed earlier today it is an article linking to a post that is five years old and reporting it like it 's new info facepalm
2	ugh , sometimes you have to push the buttons ( the buttons are just signs on the glass ) multiple times before they react and it 's kind of slow if you want to increase the heat from , say , <> to <> , you have to push the button <> times half of those times the button does n't work so it 's <> times , really on a conventional stove , you would turn the knob in less than a second also , the displays are kind of cryptic they can only show numbers and weird symbols , like this ( http image made in china com <> led digital number display <> jpg ) another thing when you leave a hot pan on the stove it will start beeping after a while it beeps a lot , now that i think of it if it worked like in the video , it would be awesome though
6	cool , never seen anything like that
4	cool , next question wiki says " this field induces an electric current in the pot current flowing in the metal pot produces resistive heating which heats the food " this does n't mean that the pot pan is electrified and will zap you if you touch it , does it ?
2	just do n't wear a metal ring when it 's on
2	that book looked really flimsy
5	<> comments and no mention of philip k dick 's minority report reddit , i am disappoint
1	people of the future must not produce oil on their finger tips
6	<> dollar , you say ?
6	" ok yes " is n't that a little redundant crazy future lady ?
6	where was the glass dildo ?
6	as one person walks along , we see giant pictures of her ( or her avatar ? ) leaping up the walls of buildings and when she walks into a store , she 's shown pictures of herself in the clothes she might want to try on what is the blog accompanying the video talking about ? the wife buying clothes in the store and the model that 's being displayed on the glass are clearly different people the narrative of the video also shows the management meeting that decides which model will be shown on the wall of the building and used in the catalog , so it 's not as if the wife has images of herself following her around wherever she goes on the other hand , all the appliances in her home and in the store instantly recognize her as " jennifer " , so there is some kind of identification going on also , how the hell did she get from lazing around in bed to fully dressed in the car in less than <> minutes ?
2	unless of course you 're a hacker who can steal the robots and make them your own army well actually i guess the common man is n't a programmer so sucks to be you guys lol ( but seriously it could be ww3 )
6	whats the difference between induction and convection ?
2	we have one of those miele induction cooktops which you control by touch and they are really annoying
2	no the io9 logo overlaps the video a bit in the top left was annoying me the entire thing
6	that 's along the lines of my thinking as well however , not all people can be producers and with driverless cars it seems like there ' might ' not be too much work here hopefully there will be ome sort of agricultural breakthrough soon that will allow us to cheaply feed the masses there might not be jobs for everyone , but if people are well fed and warm can they be that mad at their robot replacements ?
4	convection is ovens , i think ( http en wikipedia org wiki convection oven ) anyway , induction ( http en wikipedia org wiki induction cooker ) uses an electromagnet to heat up the pan ( which has to be magnetic ) it 's super fast , and you can bring a big pan of water up to a boil in under a minute
6	why , what 's wrong with it ?
5	did n't notice that , but i was more distracted by youtube 's blocking the bit on the bottom i decided to just ignore them instead of trying to decipher them
4	touch screen all the things !
4	these big touch screens everywhere come in the vein of the microsoft table surface where the idea is that you will have large but static dumb terminals everywhere and most of your information is stored in the cloud while this did n't seem to catch on to the degree they were expecting , it could be because we do n't have that good touch based interfaces yet windows <> does seem to angling itself to be more touch friendly , where the default screen is a tiled touch interface like the phone one unless we develop a good touch based keyboard or an alternative text input these things ca n't really thrive have you ever tried typing long documents on an ipad ?
7	thank you
6	while i agree wholeheartedly that its kind of depressing , what else are people going to do ? the higher technology a society gets the less people are required for manufacturing jobs and the larger the service industry gets if everything is eventually made and maintained by robots what jobs are the majority of the population going to have ?
6	maybe if it is linked with traffic data
6	close enough ? patent suggests location and traffic aware ios calendar alerts ( http www tuaw com <> <> <> patent suggests location and traffic aware ios calendar alerts )
4	whole gawker " network " is ) truth is io9 in particular is n't that bad but it 's still gawker
4	i searched gawker and now can completely agree with you
4	yeah , mine too i'm sure the next generation of them will have touch screens like in the video it would be nice to use heat setting sliders instead of touch " buttons "
6	why ca n't tv 's be released past <> ?
4	i have an " ass old crt " but it 's <> one of the first mass produced hd tv 's bought it in <> for <> it 's <> " & <> & <> i pray every night the thing would break so i can go out and get a bigger , better tv for less money
1	i think the most disappointing part of that advertisement is it presents the future as beautiful people using technology to design and purchase fashion apparel nothing productive , just fulfilling some stupid desire fuck everything about that this is not the future a reasoned person would envision
1	what kind of fucking ass hole little kid just puts their dirty shoes on the counter top like that also enjoy fingerprints everywhere also no ugly people allowed in the future
4	yea , i know but i live in a <> world country where most of the population does n't have access to running water or decent health care i'm quite happy being a germaphobe
4	i'm really interested in this answer
3	it 's scary because i can finally imagine this happening in the past all of the ' smart home ' hype always left me underwhelmed , but now i can totally see an android ios style operating system living on a whole slather of interactive screens around the house it would more or less be a shared interface to one central machine and would allow some pretty cool stuff to happen i think the problem is that , at heart , it 's still just cool i ca n't really imagine it being useful except to further connect our lives to the information superhighway and further erode our connection with the real world , and the very real people within that world
4	great , ipads everywhere in the future ca n't wait
2	<> ) i kind of do n't want to be a borg , you know ? <> ) i already hate appliances where i have to painstakingly navigate through <> layers of menus to get to what i want , and it is impossible to just walk up to it and use it if you have n't before also bmw learned a lesson years ago with a console in one of their autos if you wanted to change the volume , you had to drill down endlessly , increasing accident chances <> ) when we are all conditioned to instant connectivity , some will freak out if it is lost and it will get lost sometimes , or be hackerforced upon us what 's going to happen when our phone becomes our wallet , and the phone is lost or stolen , or the cell network fails ? ( happened in san diego when navy system tests interfered ) <> ) the more capable but complex a system becomes , the harder it can fall , especially when you depend on it the future will great , until times when it breaks
6	anyone else realize the blogger did n't realize the images were of the model that the designers were building their line around ? somehow the blogger thought this was an avatar of the woman
4	sounds great , until some jerkwad with a slingshot takes out every screen for the hell of it it 's public property ( the bus stop ) so it 's ok to smash it all up to shit and spray it with dipshit tags , is n't it ? just as has happened nearby on the freeway with the transparent glass sound barriers all smashed no wonder every bus stop and train station is made of steel mesh and concrete place looks like a frickin ' jail
4	obviously they are in soviet russia of the future
2	i could see the stove being available for sale pretty soon , the windows and car stuff , too , but i think some , like the fridge door and kitchen counter screens are pretty useless and prohibitively expensive
6	i wonder how many patents microsoft and apple have in the surface which will make the touch future a nightmare minefield
4	i love how they use fashion designers , the most important people on earth , to make your point exactly
6	do people really need satellite navigation to drive to work every day ?
4	it 's the future ! car still does n't drive itself (
4	got it at around <> a share i'm in it for the long haul hope everything in the video comes true
4	my induction stove has a touch interface sure , it 's not multi touch and it does n't have a real display , but the paradigm is there
1	i have microfiber cloths it 's like kids hands produce super concentrated oils that are resistant to electronics cleaners and microfiber shit just smudges worse
4	you 're not at all nitpicking , you are right it is a common problem , too on the monitor in front of me there are five buttons , all labeled in black on a black case i counted that i had to do <> button pushes in a sequence to change the brightness , and then <> times to exit the product designers need to be horsewhipped with a taser while being waterboarded and then made to play duke nukem iii while being forced to eat kimchi
6	you have germans in your stove ?
2	what 's the chance of this actually happening sometime soon ? ( to some extent ) also , too many guis !
4	glass stove so you can see where the cockroaches are hiding
4	cool idea but , i already have finger smudges on my lcd from my <> year old i do n't want to break out the windex every five minutes on a lighter note glass cleaners , maids , and windex would see an increase in business
4	this glass will finally make the lives of rich , attractive , white people a little bit easier
6	what couple sleeps on opposite sides of the bed one night to the next ?
4	a world of glass not quite as cool sounding as the diamond age but hey , getting there
2	it is the fucking apple universe and we all know it every time someone watches that , steve jobs ' prostate is massaged ever so gently
2	for the same reason that we now have <> being shoved down our damn throats the companies involved in the tech businesses have all but lost their focus and creativity you can only squeeze so many pixels on a device or make something so fast before technology runs up against barriers that lab monkeys cannot surpass so they look for ways to force technologies that the public have veto 'd off as innovative ca n't release tv 's with higher than <> resolutions ? fuck it , make that shit <> then this particular instance of video phone 's being shown in every ' idea of the future ' demo is the latest instance of a phenomenon i noticed a while back where conveniences are recycled over and over again take for example the mouse we invented the mouse to get away from the keyboard , then we invented keyboard shortcuts to get away from the mouse same thing with phones we invented phones so we could get away from writing to someone then we invented txting so we could get away from having to talk to them
6	it 's still fascinating how many people seem to think it would be a fantastic idea to talk to people while having to hold your phone in front of your face the entire time for video to work
4	i noticed that too it seems that everything has invisible cameras built in on the bright side , at least everyone is rich
6	this is one of the things i find to be a fascinating subject how does a society adjust when <> or more of the population could n't work regardless of desire , experience , or education ? will companies and investors be forced to provide a certain level of life style to prevent an uprising ? will they manufacture fake jobs to give the illusion of employment ? can anyone recommend any sci fi books that deal with this subject ?
1	" people who live in glass houses should n't ! because this is what happens ! " mr furious
4	some cool concepts there but it just is n't providing utility for investment it 's possible right now to put massive touch screen displays on every surface in our home , but why on earth would you want to ?
4	my stocks in corning might actually start going up now
3	his cutting technique was terrible , too if he keeps that up , he wo n't have fingertips left and he 'll be voiceless in the new society run by our glass overlords
4	they even changed the layout on all their international sites , so now even the one or two interesting articles their network might have each month are just not worth it that 's disregarding the terrible work their employees do and all the crap they pull
4	i think the problem most people have with these sorts of things is that they think that the technology lessens reality , when it fact it only changes it no less , no more , only different the concept of a 're al' world is a fiction it is as we perceive it to be , but never exists outside of that i can perhaps say only one thing , that is the last shred of romanticism left within me insolong as books continue to be material constructs , even with virtual counterparts , i see no harm in these advancements into a more and more virtual age
4	it 's the next logical step <> to <> we wired up millions of computers all over the world creating the internet <> to <> we filled the net with an insane amount of content and continue adding more every day <> to current the technology got so small and so cheap that we could access the web from the palm of our hands going forward the tech gets even cheaper and smaller so the web essentially seeps into most of the things we have contact with every day
4	spaceballs reference have an upboat !
7	thank you ! i came here to point that out also , given a preference , i do n't know many who would choose electricity over gas
1	patented by edison does n't mean created by edison and fuck you for bringing up that man 's name in the same sentence as nikola tesla on his birthday
6	indeed it would be more interesting to include the names of the actual inventors he stole the ideas from
4	yeah the guy was a marketing genius , he 's responsible for the whole <> century tesla may have been the better inventor but for better or worse edison had a far bigger impact on society
6	i could n't think of a better way to get reddit 's panties in a bunch it 's only <> <> and i'm already sick of all the " in honor of tesla 's birthday here 's a picture of my cat dangling from a wire ' posts
2	yeah , but there are definitely still some problems with temporary ghost images , and there 's also an issue with some areas of the screen wearing out faster than the rest for example , watching a lot of <> <> will leave the sides permanently brighter than the middle
6	plasma has not suffered from burn in issues for a long time i am not sure what you mean by training all new tvs need calibration to produce the best picture they do produce better colors after being used for a period of time my panasonic was <> hours they also have the highest refresh rates after dlp
4	the problem you are referring to is called image retention and it does occur in plasmas after a few years of use the image persistence is not permanent and fades within a second watching <> <> material does not permanently damage the set it can result in temporary image retention but that goes away as soon as you switch to full screen material , particularly if it is fast paced material just to be clear , i'm not trying to say your tv sucks ( whatever it is ) i'm just trying to clear up a lot of misinformation that is out there about plasmas it truly is a great technology and videophiles everywhere still use it ! you can go lcd if you like , but i really hope you 'll give plasma a look the next time you 're in the market for a new tv
4	i was worried about burn in as well , but got a <> " viera plasma last year for around <> that has been incredible it looks amazing ( detail , color , etc ) and motion is perfect no matter what sort of input i use ( lcd motion enhancement tech looks horrible to me ) i have n't had to do a damn thing to it , and it 's been the best tv i 've ever owned by far
4	i am quite happy with my viera , i bought a <> " for <> apparently you can hex edit in some models to unlock features have not had the balls to try this yet i think my <> " mitsubishi dlp is a far superior though
4	<> for plasma being better than the rest if picture quality is your main priority lcd screens with local dimming led backlights are still not to the point where their black level ( low light ) performance can match that of a plasma my understanding is that , because of edge bleeding , unless you get a single led backlight for every pixel on the screen , this will continue to be the case
4	cannot recommend this podcast highly enough http <> tv hypercritical <> skip to <> mins for discussion on tvs
4	trust your eyes i 've yet to see a calibrated lcd or led lcd best a calibrated plasma in image quality , vibrance , and black level look and feel when we 're talking top brands and high end devices , the differences are very small up to <> " , i 'd say that a panasonic or pioneer plasma is the way to go if you 're shopping on image quality alone of course , image quality is only one factor for most buyers you also have to consider mountability , weight , power consumption , price , and size hell , if you 're looking at <> inches of free wall space neither plasma nor lcd will do you 're going projection , dlp , etc
4	i 'll be buying a big plasma soon my families old <> " crt hdtv uses too much power
4	oled will take care of that , they have awesome blacks
6	if you are lookin into top of the line stuff , plasma beats everything else hands down in terms of picture quality as of right now but who knows , that could change once led technology becomes more mature
4	agreed , and i swear the led backlit lcds hurt my eyes
3	do n't forget maintainability ( which was a huge factor for me ) plasma can easily suffer burn ins and you have to " train " your tv when you first get it , a problem that usually does not exist for lcd 's leds
4	plasma has not suffered from that issue in nearly a decade
4	oled is definitely awesome but it has n't progressed far enough to get the longevity or screen sizes available with plasma and lcd hopefully that will change very soon
4	still useful in regions without freezing temperatures
4	perhaps the concrete is porous enough to accommodate the waters expansion during freezing like you said , if it ca n't handle the freeze its a much less utility
4	that parking lot is at unh so we 'll most definitely find out what happens when it freezes
4	its being tested here in freezing conditions , maybe it does ok http www sciencefriday com images shows <> <> carneyasphalt018 jpg
4	my thoughts exactly any civil engineers around ?
4	civil engineer here pervious concrete will not lead to sink holes this water is simply returning to the water table , just like any other water landing on soil sinkholes are often caused by an empty pipes that sucks the soil underneath this concrete have up to <> voids in it , therefore it will not be very smooth when driving <> mph on it in my opinion pervious pavement works very well for sidewalks and parking lots i have seen pervious pavement withstand freeze thaw cycles for <> years it was explained to me that the voids actually allow the water to expand out the top during a freeze cycle
4	yeah , that 's why civil engineers are the life of the party
6	vacuum cleaners ?
6	i ca n't imagine iced up porous concrete to be good for any kind of traction
2	that wo n't help in winter as the water warms up and thaws a bit then refreezes it will destroy this stuff
6	would n't this lead to sinkholes ?
4	i was excited until i thought about what water does when it freezes ( great for california and florida i suppose
4	it will work until the pores clog up with dust and other gunk
4	i could see the material potentially being useful for drain caps and such where gratings are in place presently there is no damned way it is going to be as durable as concrete ( nor as cheap ) even if it does maintain that level of porousness as others have noted too , in any climate where it gets cold i can only imagine bad things happening normal concrete already gets chewed up pretty badly around here in the fall spring
6	pave roads for underground river to parking lot reservoirs ?
4	we have this stuff as the parking lot for our newly built dorms on campus it was built last summer and this winter ( north eastern tennessee ) we got hit hard it was below <> for over <> days this winter , and we have over two feet of total snow accumulation ( a lot for us ) , with at least <> <> inches of freezing rain there were many nights i would see the snow melt during the day and refreeze on the street and in the parking lots this is just observational data , but the areas of the parking lot paved in this stuff not only held up fine , but after the winter much of the concrete on our older sidewalks was chipped away as the water froze on its surface and chipped away the top layer not saying it is a godsend or anything , but this is one thing my university actually got right the bell tower however not so much
4	plants will grow in crevices and crack it over time , too
6	i would have thought perv ious concrete would be used to make , for example , dildos
4	this is a good idea , though it is worrisome to think about the pollutants that will seep into the ground water as well i guess they 'd end up there eventually though
2	jealous of an incredibly unstable " currency " ? of a currency where the main trading point , based on a card game exchange , went down harder than your mother on a cock covered in ranch sauce ? i do n't think so this month you claim it paid for your rent , next month it 'll pay for a slim jim if you 've managed to scam some retards , good on you , if you think it 's anything approaching a viable currency then i truly pity you you might want to throw in a u mad bro or something like that you retarded whore
4	i sent them a bitcoin donation , and they gave it away they 'll not be getting any more of my money
2	this case is important to your wallet send the eff a donation to help them protect your rights
2	unfortunately lawyers do n't accept bitcoin as payment donations to eff in bitcoin would have been nearly useless anyway , as it is difficult to exchange it into real money
1	i sent them a bitcoin donation , and they gave it away care to explain ?
4	thanks for the explanation found this link https www eff org deeplinks <> <> eff and bitcoin if i can afford it , i will make a donation in your name how much was it ?
2	they started accepting bitcoin donations , then decided they did n't want to anymore , and sent all the bitcoin donations they had recieved to the bitcoin faucet , which gives bitcoins away to people new to bitcoin
4	thanks for the outstanding donation a little too much for my wallet currently , though i will go <> today ( i did give them <> earlier in the year ) let me know what name you want it under hopefully other redditors ( y spellcheck this word reddit , y ? ) will step up for the balance
2	at the time , about <> in bitcoins now ? about <> worth
4	that monopoly money paid my rent last month jealous much ?
4	thanks for the outstanding donation he made a donation in monopoly money , your <> are worth infinitely more than those pretend fairy internet bucks so do n't feel bad
5	this is iconic the end of an era i'm quite sad right now (
4	you 're cool d
4	i 'll have to remember this article thanks ! cool !
6	do you know what the secret service actually does ?
6	tldr who 's going to insure that thing ?
2	yeah ! let 's get the bad drivers off the road and over our heads where they belong !
4	i agree with you to an extent but even if the company is in another industry apple still needs to protect the name if app store started becoming synonymous with , say , a chain of supermarkets then appke would really lose out instead of people associating app store with apple theyd be associating it with that supermarket chain instead
8	i'm giving an example it does n't matter if they did or did n't i'm trying to give an example that the apple haters may feel more sympathetic to
6	well then would n't that automatically throw out any arguments against an " app ( lication ) store " ?
4	their business model does not rely on this term but a big money maker is their app store they have to go up against any perceived infringements on their property ( whether they think they will win or not ) so anyone else thinking to borrow a term apple uses will think twice and this is not just apple its standard business practices you really think apple would rather do this than focus on making more money ? they gain nothing from this and lose money
6	so by your argument , anyone who makes soft drinks should be allowed to call their drinks " pepsi " ?
5	i agree app store is too general to be protected i'm sure apple thinks so as well they still have to attempt to protect their property if they rolled over and let things like this happen it would get much worse for them
2	applications were called " apps " about <> minutes after programs became " applications " that no one wanted to use the term " app store " is as irrelevant as the fact that no one wanted to use the term " mp3 store "
4	lol , are you serious or being sarcastic ? some of us who have been around the industry have seen the word " apps " well before the usage by apple
1	the movement may get big and i hope it does and this is a stupid suit apple should lose all that said , getjar sucks
2	for all of you nitpicking whether apple is right , or whatever , you ca n't argue with the tldr big companies are asserting rights under the uspto that they do not have simply because of how large they are and how inconvenient it is for the little guys to respond appropriately microsoft gets <> patents , which allows them to just wave them in the general direction of a sizable codebase for money apple spams the uspto for a trademark , which it is not granted , several times , which it now asserts it had all along for an abbreviation ! that 's not a product name ! it 's all the same , and it is creating too many barriers to entry in the marketing and distribution of free software and platforms
1	fuck you and your vague title
8	so getjar admit that they 've been in operation since before the app store but after the app store became popular , they renamed their store to match it 's name ? that sounds exactly like copying someone else in order to steal some of their marketing effort i 'd like to support them more in this effort but they do n't exactly sound above reproach
1	i like apple , but they are being way too greedy as of late fuck everything about these c & d and injunctions
8	what many people do n't understand is that apple is n't the only company that does this every tech company does this that 's just how business works you are forced to sue in instances like these not to be a bunch of assholes to everyone else but to try and protect your business think about it if another company ( say , windows ) tried to name their online distribution service ' market ' would google stand idly by ? no , they would sue to protect their name yes it might be generic enough ( like app store ) that it will be allowed but google still has to sue to scare off other potential problems you do n't want <> different companies naming their product the market or app store because then that word becomes too generic and loses it 's specific meaning people will no longer think of app store apple and it will just be generic do n't let your dislike of a certain company preclude your ability to realize that this is just how business works suing to protect your ip are an evil but necessary part of the business apple does not want to be burdened with litigation against these guys , samsung , and any other company but they have no choice as a business you need to dedicate a percentage of your income to defending your intellectual property it 's not evil when apple does it ( or any other company ) they just have no other choice with that said , i think apple will lose they probably know this , too but they do n't have any other choice but to defend their name
8	it wo n't get big apple will lose but it will be a pyrrhic victory for getjar and that in and of itself may prevent others from doing something similar to this
4	because then that word becomes too generic and loses it 's specific meaning people will no longer think of app store apple and it will just be generic good
4	why is it scary ? no one wanted to use the name before apple started no one except steve jobs really called applications " apps " before the iphone ( with the exception of when using the phrase " killer app " ) so , competitors will have to think up another name hardly terrifying stuff
4	it can really go either way there are plenty of businesses with names that are very much like the name of what they are , but they were able to protect their name ( news international , for example ) and apple has invested quite a bit into marketing their app store as " app store " and i'm pretty sure they got there first android has the marketplace , amazon has the download store there are plenty of alternative names for an online software retailer those names do n't seem scary
2	its never a good idea to godwin yourself there are reasons not to allow hate speech , but implying that it will lead to another world war and genocide is over the top
5	we do ? i need to watch our news more
1	he was also pretty good at inciting specific behavior with violence he also caused the death of about <> milion people you are scum for making that comparison
4	ah the antilles , always wanted to go there
1	slander does pretty much cover someone ruining your reputation by talking shit , but he 's well within his rights to talk shit about a selection of society ( apparently )
1	calling the islam a dangerous political ideology is not hate speech calling for all muslims to be violently slaughtered is hate speech
1	it 's abundantly clear the dutch court has a strong left wing bias
4	he did not incite anyone to commit violence against muslims he 's a tad smarter than that
2	you 're thinking of neverwinter nights the netherlands is what quoth the raven
2	you 're all thinking this shit is still funny
8	eh , you 're probably right then i'm from the antilles , so the <> distance may have changed it a bit p
6	really ? ever heard of a guy called hitler ? he was pretty good at inciting specific behaviour with words edit i realise this was a bit over the top i was merely trying to say that free speech with out any limits can be an issue
4	eh ? the device should read " overstap ok " and not charge you the entry fee the second time my commute has me take a gvu bus and a connexxion bus every day and it works fine ( i have a personal ov chipcard though , which might make a difference ? )
2	note i do not vote nor support wilders , but i think the idea of a politician tried for his words is fucking ludicrous at least tried anywhere but in the court of public opinion
2	it 's not so ludicrous , free speech stops at incitement to terrorism or violence in general in most countries granted that was n't the case here
1	wilders is a hypocrite though , demanding freedom of speech for himself while proposing to have the koran banned
4	i think it 's ok to forbid hate speech ( potentially leading to violence etc ) and spreading insulting lies about people especially politicians should be made accountable also , i 'd be quite happy if i were protected by law if someone ever started trying to ruin my reputation by talking shit ( it never happened to me , and i'm no legal expert so i'm not aware about the legal situation )
4	you people do make some pretty awesome electronic music ( hardstyle )
4	right i forgot about the awesome rijsttafel
4	was a big thing on twitter thank you for that update , cnn
4	i just think celebrating net neutrality is short sighted
2	net neutrality is n't the only issue the us is failing at compared to other western nations
2	well that 's the ' national ' aspect to it mail is ran by the u s government it 's one of them thar 's ocialist ' programs for private isp 's you would n't have that rural areas would likely have higher rates due to less demand and less competition supply
4	because i am not interested in women also , the only good thing in sweden is that i can get a lot of bandwidth cheap , but i can get that in the nl aswell two years left , ca n't wait !
6	what exactly was n't available ?
5	however , they ( netherlands and amsterdam ) has some kind of amazing honey waffles ( name ? ) which tastes like unicorns and rainbows even when you 're a <> edit syrup and not honey , and stroopwafles i apologize for my ignorance !
8	expat forums , no matter about what country , are like that
4	please do , i'm intrigued
5	that 's worded wrong there 's an exception for filtered internet ( i e no porn or no virus websites ) which some people appearantly want but i thought that the service had to be advertised as such a whatsapp free subscription would have to be advertised as " without whatsapp ! " , so not somewhere in the tos i'm not sure about this , though
2	so , that 's not net neutrality net neutrality says a packet is a packet , an ip addy is an ip addy no distinction shall be made in the customer 's traffic what the netherlands did was enshrine into law that net neutrality was gone forever and replaced with a tiered system which is the opposite of net neutrality
6	if i understand the official proposal , ( dutch ) ( https zoek officielebekendmakingen nl dossier <> kst <> <> ) correctly , this is not allowed as an isp you can only touch the traffic for the following reasons network security ( virus trojans ) congestion qos " unwanted " traffic , this part points to another article i think they mean they can block spam on your behalf if you give them permission law requirement or judge 's order this seems to be valid only if you offer " internet access " you can offer separate services like whatsapp in a new product that is just called " messaging over ip " or whatever , but you cannot offer " internet access " and then block whatsapp , not even when clearly saying so
2	i guess that you could define opposition of the ' normal ' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well oh for fuck 's sake so that would mean we have multiple definitions of ' network neutrality ' floating around , not all of which actually require network neutrality as if the general population was n't confused enough about this issue
2	ah , there 's a problem though what if the customer is the website ? do n't forget that the server serving the webpage must be connected to the internet as well that 's a case where extra money gets payed out for guaranteed bandwidth
6	from wikipedia neutrality proponents claim that telecom companies seek to impose a tiered service model in order to control the pipeline and thereby remove competition , create artificial scarcity , and oblige subscribers to buy their otherwise uncompetitive services do you think this currently does n't exist ? you think last mile infrastructure is <> open in what ever country you are in ? you think your traffic isnt shaped currently your advertised <> connection that never seems to reach over <> of its speed do an actual speed test on an uncommon protocol or guarantied ( isdn ) protocol and magically you actually manage to max out the connection net neutrality is worded so broadly and infringed upon every way , it makes both yours and my comments valid and invalid at the same time
2	mis informed , anti consumer , pro rich " regulation " is pretty much what everyone does n't want add in insanely inefficient pro consumer policies to that i would say medicare medicaid social security falls into that from personal experience ( i am on all <> because of disability ) a large percentage of government departments programs need to be rebuilt because over the years so much crap has made its way in that it is a complete mess
4	paying for a faster speed and minimal congestion does n't violate neutrality 'no restrictions ' just means that if you 've paid to connect at x level of service , you get x level of service no matter who you try to connect with so if you 're paying out the nose for extremely fast and stable access , more power to you we already have a tiered internet in this sense
6	but if there had been strict nn laws set in place <> <> years ago ( no tiering at all ) that could have been a barrier for voip applications i fail to see how this is possible
2	i think a lot of people in many countries feel the same way you ca n't get a good feel of a country just seeing it 's capital or largest city for large countries this is even worse
4	thanks very much for the reply !
4	thanks very much for the reply this is about as well as i could have hoped and it sounds wonderful there fyi , i believe there are some smart phone apps that you can use to scan signs words from foreign languages i 've messed with some on my wife 's iphone and they work pretty well from what i can see i do n't recall if they exist on other phones or if dutch is an option , but you might look into that !
4	sweden not going to the euro worked out pretty well for them during this recession the krona lost about <> of it 's value compared to the usd and made products relatively cheap to buy from sweden their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward it certainly hurt in the domain of swedes buying foreign products but it looks like it was a small price to pay lesson to be learned a devalued currency is not all bad
6	sometimes i do n't even know if it 's a joke or not
4	well , a bachelors and masters degree are simply heavily subsidized by the government ( those taxes have to go somewhere ) when you wa n't to do a second bachelor or masters degree it can cost you up to <> <> eur per year
4	after deducting 's tudiefinanciering ' , free public transportation and correcting for minimum wage ( students can easily make <> euro 's an hour , and tax free up to <> a month ) ?
4	first world countries , hmm i hope you netherlandianers realise how advantaged you are
2	however , health insurance , the internet , education ? those are just luxuries , we obviously do n't need regulations on that stuff yeah , i ca n't really agree with that especially because , without health insurance in most places , you are n't able to get decent healthcare , which is a necessity , at least one if you want to keep living as for the internet and education , while they might not be needed for survival in the hunter gatherer sense , they are needed in order to advance in society and to remain competitive on a world stage the dividends received from having a highly educated populace with easy and fast connections to the greatest global communications medium the world has ever seen probably far outweigh the costs
4	i hear you if only everyone placed a little more value on life profits ( quality of life , health , freedom and so on ) and less on financial profits
4	interestingly enough , sweden was hit harder by the recession than greece , but because it maintained control of its currency , it has since rebounded while greece is fucked from what i hear , things were painful for sweden , but they were able to get through it
4	if the internet tubes are too narrow , then make em bigger !
2	unfortunately you 're posting on reddit so you 'll have to work against the hivemind opinion of " bandwidth is unlimited , upgrades are free and cheap , price increases or service changes are extortion , fuck at & t "
2	your translation is misleading it 's actually only about third party cookies
4	is n't the law only forbidding tracking the user between sites , like ad networks do ? that 's arguably a good thing
2	i remember a similar law being discussed not long ago for the uk i think ( unless it was for the eu entirely , and this is the same law ) there , i believe the intent was to require permission for tracking cookies i e anything which reports your activity to someone other than the website you 're interacting with so , for example , something like a cookie for a session identifier , or a language preference , etc would be fine so long as the site administers it itself , but things like google analytics would need explicit permission , since google would be able to track your activity across multiple sites to outlaw cookies entirely would make the entire web ( or at least the interesting bits ) completely fucking unusable you could n't store session state to remember that you 're logged into reddit , for example you would have to either a ) store a session id in the query string ( i e in the url ) , which has massive security implications , or b ) require the user to enter their username password combination on every page that allows you to do account stuff if something like that was enforced , every god damn company of value would pull the fuck out of your country , making the web complete shit for you by default , and it would be so fucking fast when the peasants revolt the first country to do this loses it seems a bit mutually assured destruction y
2	unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies is n't that just to comply with an eu directive which largely requires the same thing ? that 's an eu wide directive , not just the netherlands
2	it seems strange to me to treat voip packets in exactly the same way as packets from a <> file download in a bandwidth scarce environment right , there 's no problem in that scenario the scenario that nn wants to prevent is the one where voip packets from the isp are treated differently than voip packets from skype or vonage
3	wait a minute you wo n't be right back at all !
4	you 're right intelligently adjusting the bandwidth and such for qos purposes based on the patterns that the packets are being sent in is perfectly fine that 's neutral but i think that , for example , singling out bittorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong same goes for filtering based on source destination that 's not neutral
2	this makes no sense to me i work with internet technology all the time and this the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page is great , ok fair enough , let us treat the data equally everyone should get the data that they need however , isps said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications , such as games or file sharing programs , can slow down their entire network for all customers this is basic network configuration ! they are correct , there is a reason for balancing the data in this way it is to ensure that everyone gets the data that they need as a result many isps throttle , block or charge extra for many bandwidth hungry applications and content now this is where the real bull shit is this is just the companies lining their pockets but even more so , it is a result of inflation because money is being printed this has nothing to do with the damn network configuration ! they might regret this shit
3	til other countries can be better at freedom than the america i live in
2	how very neutral of them
2	once again , i 've never been more proud of my people
4	country passes internet legislation , reddit applauds this happened
3	the world needs to do this i may move there if the us doesnt do this i fear if they dont go in this direction they will go the complete opposite direction
2	so , the same country that legalized marijuana is now again the first to create such an important law im beginning to wonder if all the smart politicians live in netherlands and we the rest of the world get nothing but retarded and corrupted assholes how i 'd love to live there
6	how does reddit decide what to use as a posts thumbnail ?
1	i first read " neanderthals " and was all wtf
1	what ? but that 's marxism ! it should be illegal to take away a company 's right to gouge another company for an imaginary commodity so they can reap tons of profits and totally screw over all consumers by balkanizing the single greatest information technology ever created ! american politician
8	not all that great they can be beautiful ( and many are ) , but many do n't really know how to dress well the dutch are definitely underdressed , i 'd say
8	second only to england maybe in scotland university education is free
4	university networks are both <> mbit up and down and have 's urfnet ' as a provider
6	why are you still using adsl ? you can get <> mbit s cable for that price
2	there is a special layer of hell reserved for you " people " scum
2	you 're thinking " nether parts " , the netherlands is a formless place of magic and illusion it is indistinct and chaotic , with no size or shape coterminous to all other worlds , the netherlands can be a gateway for those who know how to use it for mortals , the netherlands is notoriously difficult to access spells and portals can take one there , but few other options exist
2	oh yes , he 's a hypocrite and possibly psychotic , does not make the comparison with hitler valid , in fact , it 's a toxic sentiment that has gotten more than one political figure killed
2	yes , i was joking ) it 's just that , compared to most other countries , the netherlands is tiny
3	i live near the border and i do n't care much about drug tourism i do care when the tourists are making an ass out of themselves i'm happy for you if you can buy some drugs , but please behave
3	not to mention killing people critic of islam like theodoor van gogh and pim fortuyn um pim fortuyn was killed by volkert van der graaf , a dutch guy i hate it when these two murders get lumped together on the immigration issue , they had nothing to do with each other
8	this i moved to holland for a study abroad program ( and stayed ) , and during the first year i had not really been socialized to the ' immigrant ' problem my corner had a bunch of hangjongeren ( literally loitering kids ) who i quickly learned to despise , but they were on the whole completely representative of the ethnic landscape of nl that is majority ' native dutch ' with a few moroccans , turks , and surinamese so in that sense these immigrant ' assholes ' were completely assimilated into the native dutch ' asshole ' culture what more can you ask for ? ) conservatives see it the other way around , of course " these foreign assholes are turning our kids into assholes ! " amusing however you cut it
4	because isps treat their voip traffic a little better then everything else
2	this is what i meant when i said that there is no clear definition of nn and its implications for how networks should be handled this faster tier might not even have to be something you have to pay for , although i admit this would probably be the case a qos can be implemented not as a tool to distinguish between different products , but as a tool to make sure a certain type of service works sufficiently as long as the isps do n't act as gatekeepers that restrict your access to content online , i dont see a big problems with a tiered system
3	it was meant as a hypothetical argument , stating that regulation on the internet might have unforeseen externalities not being able to have a good conversation that does n't lag or otherwise disturbs the call , would have made it harder to create the voip products the point is simply that innovation cannot be predicted , and that some regulation might hinder future innovation , even though it was created to foster more innovation edit it also depends on how you define nn there is no clear and agreed upon definition currently this is using the definition of nn that bans all forms of tiering
3	because when their isp does miscalculate and run out of bandwidth ( either at the neighborhood or datacenter ) most people prefer that their phone calls do n't start glitching ?
6	really ? ever heard of a guy called stalin ? did the same as hitler and worse in a country without free speech
4	that 's it i'm moving the netherlands after i graduate
2	only after explicit permission so you can still use them , but you need to give permission also , how on earth do you enforce that kind of law ?
2	on a related note , one of the dutch newspapers does a top <> most influential people every year , and one of the interesting things about that list is that the vast majority of people on there came from middle class families similarly our parliament is made up of middle class people , most with an academic degree there is much less overlap between the business elite and the political elite than in the us
2	sounds heavy , would you like some help ?
2	no you wo n't
2	you 'll need a cheese card to be able to work here
4	i lived in the netherlands for a couple years , it was great , would love to go back permanently i like denmark a little better though
4	at least we in the us have one ( http www govtrack us congress person xpd ? id <> ) kinda makes me wish i had voted for him
6	wait net neutrality is a good thing ?
4	swedish babes dude , the hottest chicks on earth
4	that 's what i meant i remember someone from the netherlands telling me that cars come with a <> sales tax , effectively tripling the price
3	no , i'm fairly certain it 's " doe maar normaal dan doe je al gek genoeg " perhaps there 's a provincial difference ? i'm from brabant
2	you 're thinking of the nether the netherlands is a first person shooter with rpg elements and millions of procedurally generated guns developed by gearbox
1	nah we do n't ( government surveillance ) and wo n't have net neutrality for long with the recent laws passed in both sweden and eu we 're all doomed fucking anti piracy lobbyists they say we must protect ourselves from " terrorist and cp ! " but it 's just portraying net neutrality activists as pesky pedophiles wanting nothing more than to make bombs and fap to cp kind of like how the republicans portray atheists in the us dear dutch redditors how is the healthcare there ? broadband ? education ?
2	oh look , justice , had n't heard from him in quite a while note i do not vote nor support wilders , but i think the idea of a politician tried for his words is fucking ludicrous
2	well , i check in out during the weekend as a student with the week ov and to be honest the system has some flaws for example , with the strippenkaart the zones would count whether you 're in a htm bus or a veolia bus , so you only stamp once with the ov chipkaart however you have to check in out when you 're changing from public transit company this means that you have to pay the entry fee twice , which can make certain journeys very expensive
2	the left right dichotomy is quite outdated the pvv is best described as an authoritarian conservative party
2	it was ment to describe how people view them not what they stand for
2	the country 's telecommunications companies were disappointed awww , those poor , poor telecommunications companies
4	codifying a law that denies " any restrictions " is pointless it actually makes sense from a practical point of view holding people to a standard of 'no restrictions ' makes them work a lot harder to ensure that any restrictions that must be implemented out of practical necessity are as fair as possible it 's like a government guaranteeing everyone a speedy trial obviously not everyone 's going to get a speedy trial there will be bureaucratic delays , judges may drag their feet , you may belong to a maligned ethnic group , whatever but you do n't write these exceptions into the principle , no matter how inevitable they are keep the principle clean and free of distractions , hold everyone to be best possible instantiation of it and then trust people to complain when it is purposefully violated otherwise everyone and their mother will be happy to explain why they ought to belong to that growing list of exemptions
4	there 's a huge difference between shaping traffic and being not neutral if you 're going to shape bandwidth , then you have to do it to all bandwidth the same you ca n't , for example , exempt your voip solution while still throttling skype or vonage
2	clearly these are not the sort of restrictions anyone is talking about
2	there is no such thing as net neutrality , work seriously in any it company and you will find out , you can lease a line with certain qos standards the public do n't get , if you are a trading company you will lease low latency lines , you can buy mpls 's that guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber it never had been there
1	the eu is just a bunch of idiots who do n't know what they 're talking about the " eu " as you say i suppose you mean the ec , but whatever is the only entity in the euro american sphere that actually protects the consumer against big corporations it may not be protecting it enough , but it is the only one doing it
6	you 'll see , if that bill passes this will be good once one country has a law for something , it 's easier to get it into the european unions constitution once its in there everyone will go along it was the same with a lot of other crap
6	that i understand what confused me was how the person writing the article got net neutrality right in the first half of the article , then re defined it as something entirely different in the second half , seemingly without noticing
2	the eu is n't that bad it 's a good system that seems to work on the whole just , the individual countries tend to vote in idiotic nationalist or anti eu mps i seriously hate the uk contribution to it
3	b b but corporations totalitarianism fear panic
4	there is no widely accepted definition of nn currently well , there is the official definition that i provided it 's very simple any other definition is a mistake or a deliberate distortion but if you mean that network neutrality is n't strictly honored in practice , then yes , i agree that this is the practical reality telecommunications companies face similar practical difficulties when acting as a common carrier for telephone calls however that does n't mean we should give up on the principle of unmonitored calls in general i understand your argument in favor of tiered internet and i respect the right of telecom companies to try and structure things in this way in order to make money i also understand the pitfalls of enforcing neutrality but i'm more concerned with promoting innovation from small businesses and startups , the benefits of public access to information and the freedom to transmit information without interference better performance from the specific products you mention , or any specific product that ca n't perform in a network neutral environment , does n't concern me nearly as much
2	the dutch government has been overseeing the isps for a long time already in all of europe even not that there 's anything wrong with that per se
3	the netherlands no longer has any isps which can price things how they want have you even read the article ? " on <> june , the dutch parliament passed a law stopping mobile operators from blocking or charging extra for voice calling done via the net "
4	and the public wins
2	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because some carriers do things you do n't like ? get a new carrier ! ! i do n't think you know how the internet works your data has to go though others peoples networks to reach it destination if one major isp in your country starts throttling traffic for a particular site , and they are the only path to that sites server , your data will be throttled no matter who your carrier is this is the entire point
2	reddit news before it happens
2	it most definitely was , but it 's possible that the intersection of users that are from the netherlands , read reddit and have a newspaper subscription is just me
4	as a consumer , i fail to see how that 's a problem i value my freedom to go where the fuck i want on the internet greater than their ability to control where i go edit not to mention , why the fuck should they be able to charge extra for voip ? its just fucking data
2	sorry if my sarcasm did n't come across clearly , i was just being a smartass telcoms are bastards here in the u s too the truth is i have zero sympathy for them , i just found that sentence humorous i could n't help but picture a group of sad c e o 's looking down at the ground , their hands stuffed down the pockets of their expensive suits , and kicking at the dirt
2	after it announced plans to charge customers extra for using skype and whatsapp , a free text messaging service the best part is that they 're trying to claim free text messaging as " heavy data usage " no , texts are a completely trivial amount of data even for a <> dialup internet connection hell they 're a near trivial amount of data for a telegram in morse code they want to charge extra because using an app to send texts over the internet does n't incur the completely ludicrous fees the carriers ask for sms messages
4	stay classy netherlands
4	well , good to know someone out there can enjoy a tiny bit of freedom
2	like the mail , isp 's should never be concerned with the type of packets ( letters packages for mail ) they are moving , but only concerned with the size ( weight for mail ) and amount it should just be metered by the bit
4	am i the only one who first read it ' neanderthals ' ? would be pretty amusing
2	unrelated thumbnail got my hopes up (
2	was confused , i guess it was another law , one about internet censorship on which they accidentally voted wrong
2	well , it sounds like the opposition to net neutrality in europe is definitely ( sunglasses ) in dutch
2	i disagree with the idea that lighter users should be subsidizing heavier users to maximize fairness and efficiency , instead focusing on net neutrality which is a band aid solution with all sorts of negative side effects , governments should be focusing efforts on the very difficult task of fostering a more competitive industry without causing undue prejudice to existing businesses difficult ? indeed impossible ? no , not for effective , bold leadership
4	yep in sweden too
2	to be completely honest , it is n't profitable water , electricity , gas , etc have been ruled as necessities of life and thus are government controlled and are remarkably inexpensive however , health insurance , the internet , education ? those are just luxuries , we obviously do n't need regulations on that stuff
4	sweden has a low population and high exports in timber and iron ore sweden maintained neutrality in wwii so it did not have to rebuild its economy , they also have not adopted the euro there are other reasons of course , but with relative peace throughout the <> century and strong resource base it is not surprising they have money for extensive welfare benefits
4	socialism ! commies !
2	about how us students end up having tens of thousands ( some med students even hundreds of thousands ) of dollars in debt no doubt one of the arguments we have here for why doctors get paid so much is that they have these huge loans to pay off my argument right back is , " if we subsidized the cost to become a doctor , then they do n't have those huge loans , and then not only do we get more doctors , but they do n't have to make outrageous salaries ( not that doctors should n't be paid well ) "
4	yeah , here in michigan a few of the universities get up into the <> , <> range ( almost <> , <> if google 's to trust ) i ca n't believe how comparatively cheap it is over in the eu
2	it 's funny that we , the dutch , have a public outcry ( i have to admit i was pretty pissed off as well ) when the prime minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to <> ( ! ! ! ) a year , but then i stopped and realized we got it pretty fucking good here careful , that 's how it started here too god damn , <> for college , that outra well its better than <> world !
4	you get more money in sweden en denmark but then again , i ca n't complain much not having to work allows me to go on an intensive <> weeks innovation program in denmark and it gave me time to lead the students organization they also have minors focused on innovation and entrepreneurship and internships are integrated with every education expect for masters education i guess offering this will pay back itself due to increased rates of innovation and because students can start working right away ( instead of having to learn what a job actually is )
5	american ? i feel very sorry for most americans these days , it seems more and more that the great people of america are being held back by a select powerful few and a large amount of medicare receiving tea parties <> euros is about <> <> of what i can freely spend each month but the goverment chips in <> euro 's so i guess i'm lucky in every way ) i thing i noticed is that even rich to very rich people here do n't really complain about paying taxes it might be just the dutch culture but every one i know that has money , realized that money does n't really make you happy
2	about <> , month when you live with your parents , and about <> , when you live on your own , standard scholarship if your parents are ' poor ' <> or something you get more , to a maximum of <> , , on top of that you can loan about <> , extra a month against very low rates it 's used to be better , but it 's more than okay in an international perspective , i suppose
6	that 's not the other way around at all who 's to say how prices should hold firm to standards before this law was introduced over time ?
2	charging differently for different types of data is breaking net neutrality
2	you can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in california sweden ? not so much the better question is how are yours better ( they 're not ) ?
4	why do n't you come in my van for a minute ? i 've got candies
2	no matter how much infrastructure they lay , we are going to want all of it , and that is n't entirely feasible they need to either limit the top speed they will give you , or throttle based on congestion , and people are going to complain a more when their <> line is now running at <> for a few hours after work , instead of them having <> all the time this is especially important , because no matter how much you watch tv , cable is n't going to take a huge amount of bandwidth , but plenty of applications like utorrent are going to suck up every drop of speed they can touch i'm thinking of a situation like a lot of local cable internet , where your few blocks share a line at <> , it 's gonna be slow , because everybody is using it the options are pretty much , put down bigger lines and hope that the guy running utorrent does n't just scale up to it , limit the top users internet , which we tend not to like since we are usually top users , or give people a dedicated line or portion of the line if you give someone just a portion of the full line , and they are probably going to be upset that they ca n't use all the spare it 's an interesting problem another thing i just thought of , this is compounded by the fact that isps over subscribe lines , pretty much as a rule i myself have seen anywhere from <> <> to <> <> , which means they will sell <> people <> lines on a <> pipe , and assume that it wo n't be used all the time , which is generally accurate this makes it so you do n't have to pay as much as you would if you got your own dedicated service , as other people are essentially sharing the line , but this is also the reason congestion happens during peak hours there is n't a great way to balance the load at <> and <> without either slowing down during the peak , or having a lot of expensive infrastructure going unused at night i should stop typing and go back to work
4	well , the australian government requires big boobs on the porn stars there it is supposedly so that no one portrays herself as a minor ( even when she is over <> )
4	i real friend would say that )
4	make sure you check out the burgers from a vending machine wall seriously , the whole shop is vending machines with hot food in i ate <> <> eur burgers in a row while my mates checked out the whores , they were that good
2	oh yeah those as well p the list could probably go on for a while i tried to make my list a bit specific and keep out generics that probably apply to most a lot of countries
2	oh yeah those as well p i did n't real feel like make a extend list
4	d that 's it , i'm moving to the netherlands for sure i ca n't do <>
6	" faster than <> of nl " i'm guessing that 's a university network ? here 's my result , i pay kpn <> euros a month for this , no caps http www speedtest net result <> png
4	awesome i live in a fantasy world
4	nice try zombie michael jackson oh wait he thought it was real
6	but wait ! how are the women ?
4	hooray for holland
4	ah , so that 's why we speak ze english ! i thought it was because we get it at school starting when we 're <> to <> , depending on the school d we also get french and german in high school and if you 're a bright student , there 's options for spanish , russian , latin , greek and probably chinese and some others
2	just wait until sea level rise due to climate change holland is in trouble
4	perhaps the original news message is misleading my translation is pretty accurate
2	cars are ridiculously expensive to buy , and come with something like <> taxes , and as a car nut that 's bad also , they do n't let you play airsoft ! they 're all crazy nutters
4	you 're thinking of neverland the netherlands are the chicago based game developer behind the iconic fight game franchise mortal kombat
1	how about <> for a gallon of gasoline
4	yes , the people are closed minded , egotistical and boring it 's to be expected when the catchphrase that dutch people love is " just act normal , that 's crazy enough " ( yeah it works better in dutch ) as far as living here goes it all sounds good on paper but i ca n't wait to get the hell out of here and move to a country that still has enough space to accommodate its population
4	must be nice having politicians that have n't been bought off by telecom companies
2	facebook tracks you before you even sign up , that a large invasion of privacy , with this law they could force facebook to stop doing that
2	i thought the intent of those laws was wagering " hey , i bet you this year 's welfare budget you ca n't get this bill passed "
1	so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ? no , its solving a problem that several isps have said they want to do , and that consumers do n't it 's telling them " no ! you ca n't do that ! " before it gets too late and they 're already doing it
1	so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ? when companies are willing to do anything that is legal , it becomes necessary to make anything you do n't want them to do illegal
4	sweden would be amazing
2	sweden has worse drug laws than the us if you smoke cannabis and think that 'd still be good , think again only alcoholics need apply
2	i do n't think it 's the type of law that 's meant to be actively enforced it 's just a legal lever that someone can pull if they find their privacy has been violated
2	is n't that just to block child porn though ?
2	there 's someone in r android demanding that verizon implement the ability to block ads as a result of tiered data ( with upvotes ) that blew my mind a bit reddit usually does n't like censorship or content blocking , especially from an isp but now it 's okay to block ads because you do n't want to use your data plan to see them ? the hypocrisy is staggering
2	no , because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors should myspace have been able to pay to slow down facebook ? how about msnbc paying to slow down fox news ?
2	i realise what i said was probably a bit over the top , but i still think my point that free speech with out any limits can be an issue is valid
4	awesome , thanks a lot for the info
6	so what ? an american has it light years better than a nigerian i would hope the fuck so does n't mean that your analogy is n't absolute shit question to you what does that say about the american health care system ? a nothing comparing a <> world system to a first world system does n't say anything ? i'm shocked now what about comparing a first world system to another first world system also , and i know i'm getting off track here but whatever , arguably the american healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth , not mainly with quality of care but that is a problem with quality of care if you have money out the wazoo , you get the best quality care you can get if you have no money , though , you get no care maybe some emergency services , but they 're still going to hound you for those bills this is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices , but it does n't mean it 's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system when it means that many people do n't have access to even the most basic of care , you bet your ass it means it 's a flaw in the system the question " should we care for others ? " is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system it 's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself if only there was some manifestation of a society , where people sent representatives to make decisions for society perhaps they could make basic rules for interacting with each other , so as to help preserve everyone 's rights hmmm , i wonder what we 'd call it ?
2	nobody ever gets denied healthcare ha ! as i said everyone who does n't know anything about the healthcare system likes it it 's the same with our law system people who have never been inside a courtroom are most likely to approve of our system ( <> approval orso ) while people who are actually knowledgeable about the system approve of our system a lot less ( not making this up , was not netwerk about a year ago ) we are taught that we have a well run smooth system from an early age and only the people that are actually confronted with it and think critically find out how it 's really like
2	not a joke can you imagine what it must feel like to be a women with an a cup in australia ? their own government is telling them they have n't matured properly and that images of them naked should be banned seriously , what the fuck ?
2	not a joke i wish i could find a link for it , but i'm at work at the moment i'm pretty sure every major news service ran a story on it , and it 's everywhere on the web to be found a cup <> year olds apparently allow pedos to pretend they are watching cp
1	siiiiggghhh yeah that 's bullshit one fucking piece of sensationalism in one measly article and that misinformation is now " common knowledge "
2	well damn crappy , error filled news spreads like herpes at a swingers party corrections are apparently delivered by this guy ( http cache ohinternet com images b b2 slowpoke gif )
2	yeah , but even that one is totally in bed with the movie industry
2	there 's that word again " heavy " why are things so heavy in the future ? is there a problem with the earth 's gravitational pull ?
4	probably not , but i would love to or sweden
2	you 're thinking of netherrealm studios the netherlands is an alternative dimension in the videogame minecraft
1	uhm , as far as i know its ' normally you act crazy enough already ' ( normaal doe je al gek genoeg )
2	and of course i'm being downvoted by those self righteous pricks it fascinates me to no end how dutch people simultaneously think that the netherlands is the best country on earth but act like they 're unbiased and phlegmatic ( unlike those craaaazy patriotic americans ! ) it makes sense though they are n't good with differing opinions rant generalization
2	actually , while it is a long term problem , we have the money , know how and willpower to prop up our water defenses to virtually any sea water level bangladesh however , does n't have that luxury
2	gays can marry there so they have dikes reinforced with sacred bonds
2	cars arent that expensive , taxes and insurance however are
2	calling the pvv a " dutch version of the republican party " is the most retarded thing i 've read on reddit in many years pvv is at best a fascist version of the democrats they are almost as socialist as the socialist party
6	but i think that , for example , singling out bittorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong same goes for filtering based on source destination that 's not neutral but who is even doing that ? i remember comcast tried it , but am i right in thinking that they are n't any more ? so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ?
4	exactly voip and stuff like whatsapp are their enemies vs free calls and free sms ist what makes them really nervous ( for people from the us you wo n't believe how expensive mobile services are in the eu you surely wo n't believe what it costs to call abroad and abroad is so much nearer in europe than in the us it 's ridiculous
5	that 's the problem it is practically impossible to enforce plus every modern browser can simply disallow cookies it would be more productive to make a law that forces browsers to disable them by default ( i would be against any such law ) i think the intent of the law ( as stated by geon below ) is to disallow the tracking of users between sites but they only outlaw <> specific mechanism
6	the european union endorses net neutrality principles , which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing what on earth ? network neutrality ( http en wikipedia org wiki net neutrality ) is a principle which advocates no restrictions by internet service providers or governments on consumers ' access to networks that participate in the internet specifically , network neutrality would prevent restrictions on content , sites , platforms , the kinds of equipment that may be attached , or the modes of communication if they 're charging more for certain kinds of data , it 's not neutral what am i missing here ? the article got it right just a few paragraphs earlier when they said " the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page "
5	seeing as most of the infrastructure was funded by the government and that my figures are based on what the companies say which covers elecricity , the only bit it does n't cover is future investsments like advertisements or buying out lobbyists to help your cause
2	and apparently telstra and optus are now going to be doing voluntary filtering
4	sure he will they have internet in the netherlands
1	scumbag reddit claims to hate big government intrusion on the internet , asks for government to pass net neutrality
4	i ca n't argue against that
4	that superhighway had better support <> lane wide cars after we paid them hundreds of billions of dollars to support that and more and then they also charge us on top of that
3	as a network engineer , i have mixed feelings about this net neutrality can be either a great thing , or a terrible thing , depending on what regulations they impose while having " all traffic equal " sounds great on the surface , it could potentially cripple a lot of the progress the internet has made over the last decade the fact of the matter is that all traffic is not created equal voice traffic requires low latency and jitter , and policies need to be enforced at the isp level to ensure reliable delivery for all traffic types i would like to see more details on the netherlands ruling should be interesting
4	brb moving to the netherlands
5	unrelated comment singling out the us in <> <> <>
5	isp 's surely know how little <> downloading is costing them ? i heard it was <> <> , some people are being charge <> of that in costs let 's say you pay <> for internet a month , you 'd have to download <> , <> for them to lose money that 's <> films a month ( at <> gb ) or <> games ( at <> ) , you get the idea ? america you are being ripped off over your internet , it 's slow , capped and costly europe has faster ' unlimited ' internet for less
4	or you could you know , stay here and help carry on the fight to have this here in the states as well but what do i know
6	so this makes it illegal for mobile networks to charge extra for tethering there , right ?
6	holy strange thumbnails , batman !
4	yet another reason to love the dutch
4	is there anything not to love about the netherlands ?
2	to me , if someone caps my bandwidth , that is like telling me that i can only watch <> hours of cable tv a month if i watch more than that , i have to pay more where do you think cable tv would be today if they did that bullshit , if they capped your watching amount
2	maybe they think that charging differently for different types of data ( hd video , applications , movies , etc compared to small text files , ) would make it easier for telecommunication companies to start cutting off specific sites , thus breaking net neutrality ?
2	well here in australia we have metered intnernet ( <> a month ) but many isp 's offered unmetered content ( i know ours has a few radio stations , fetch tv , linux distributions and tivo as unmetered ) now that would n't be net neutral because it gives preference to certain content , but at the same time , nothing else is shaped or filtered it just comes out of your bandwidth
4	i suppose my point is isp 's provide a quantifiable finite resource ( bandwidth ) , and that should result in some kind of metered payment model and they should n't have anything to do with what people actually use that resource for only the size amount of it
2	inside joke )
5	as i mentioned in a comment buried deep ( http www reddit com r technology comments i76ld netherlands makes net neutrality a law c21lzvh ) here , this is not what the proposal says
4	i do n't see a problem with that as long as it 's consistent between customers you ca n't charge google <> million for the same connection speed bandwidth that you charge microsoft <> million for isps are still running a business with different levels of services and should be allowed to charge a fee in proportion to the services delivered perhaps regulations that mask the identity , propose and content of the customer when specs and costs are negotiated ?
4	it 's the other way around all subscriptions until now have full access with the new law they can also offer cheaper rates if you have some data types blocked
2	no no no the amendment ( https zoek officielebekendmakingen nl dossier <> ) says it has the following goals ( i'm reading amendment <> <> ) <> isps should not impede internet access in any way , unless necessary or required by law <> ( to limit the consequences of congestion ) different types of traffic have to be treated equally <> isps have to warn people about unexpected behaviour of their internet access ( spam ) <> isps may not block websites and or services , unless <> required by law enforcement there are <> more points , stating more or less the same
4	what if the customer is the website ? a hosting customer should n't be able to pay extra to have their competitors slowed down
4	that 's mostly partisanship i guess the constant " republicans try to dismantle it , democrats try to rebuild it " mess the nhs has similar problems not as severe due to it 's size though , any action against or for it is n't go to budge it as severely
6	reddit news because you would n't get it otherwise seriously , get up from the chair pay more attention to the news of the world or is that a bit too long ?
4	reddit news refuted in the top voted comment before it happens
5	not anymore (
6	reddit wo n't bring you local news maybe if you live in a major american city
2	further , smses use ' extra space ' in the signaling paths , so are completely free as the space would be used whether there was a message in it or not from wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki sms initial concept ) the key idea for sms was to use this telephony optimized system , and to transport messages on the signaling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed in this way , unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages at minimal cost however , it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to <> bytes ( later improved to <> bytes , or <> seven bit characters ) so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats
4	to be fair , that was n't vodafone , that was kpn
4	thanks for clarifying ( and putting that sad ceo 's image in my head now ) but the comment was n't really meant at you in particular just my little rant i wanted to share with the world
1	these same bastards in the u s for decades charged a ' fee ' to help offset the cost of implementing new infrastructure in the country to enhance services and add broadband services to more places instead , they pocketed the money into the tens of billions and did n't build out nowhere nearly as much as they said they were going to do and , they kept increasing their fees because of too much bandwidth being used to recap oh , we need to lay more lines for more bandwidth , so we are going to charge a special ' fee ' decades later oh , we do n't have enough bandwidth , so we are going to charge more and put a cap on bandwidth go fuck yourselves telecom companies i hate that i have at & t services , but the bastards have us by the balls because of their market monopolies
1	the mistake in that quote is one misplaced comma that makes all the difference it should read the european union endorses net neutrality principles which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing that 's how the new dutch law is what they 're saying is that providers are allowed to offer cheaper rates for subscriptions that block certain traffic and higher rates for subscriptions that do n't , but the have to give you the option for an unrestricted connection and they have to tell what is blocked otherwise
4	i got it ! but then again i am in the us and feel the same about the telecoms here
5	the biggest thing we complain about is the ov chipcard i'm dead serious that 's the biggest problem we seem to have here right now
5	gas prices are through the roof ( http www energy eu ) comparing to bordering countries
5	living here is very expensive , the weather sucks , the political climate is growing more extreme over the years due to immigrants , there is hardly any local cuisine to speak of , the local television movies and music sucks ( in my opinion at least ) , the people can be quite rude and the drugs and sex tourism is annoying ( though that 's more the fault of tourists )
3	when the government is regulating monopolies of isp 's , it 's hard to " vote with your wallet " unless you want dialup corresponding ( http www amazon com gp product b004ebt5cu ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin b004ebt5cu )
5	that just means the eu has another definition of how neutral neutral is the journalist did n't make a mistake , as far as i know
1	the european union endorses net neutrality principles , which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing more importantly than the fact that this is not net neutrality , not telling your customers that you charge extra for some services is probably fraud it does n't make sense how are you going to sell a service to someone if you do n't tell them it exists in the first place ?
5	the mood of people here is very dependant on the weather , and the weather sometimes sucks here that said , education is set up with the idea that anybody can have a title if you are smart enough internet broadband speed is nice , politics has some issues because it of the biggest party only having <> of the votes , but that is also a nice control mechanism there are almost none local movies and music , but most people are fluent in english anyways local quisine does exist , albeit you wo n't find it alot in restaurants tourism is hardly noticable unless you live in the big cities ( amsterdam especially ) that said , our local republical equivalent party the pvv can be a bit annoying , but they mostly thrived on the economical crash and are losing voters at the moment , housing can be quite expensive in the big cities and there is n't much nature or terrain ( where i live the biggest hill in a <> km radius will not be higher than <> meters )
4	the netherlands has the benefit of having a relatively small , insular population that finds it easier to voice it 's opinions larger countries ca n't manage what the netherlands can simply due to political and governmental size and scope
5	unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies the actual change to the telecom law ( http www tweedekamer nl images <> <> tcm118 <> doc ) that was voted in and the voting results ( http www tweedekamer nl images <> <> <> tcm118 <> pdf ) i could n't parse the dense legalese , but this news site ( http www nu nl politiek <> netneutraliteit opgenomen in telecomwet html ) reports that cookies are sort forbidden by the law een kamermeerderheid wil het gebruik van cookies alleen toestaan na expliciete toestemming het gaat dan niet om alle cookies , zo zijn er ook first party cookies waarin wachtwoorden worden onthouden zodat volgende keer gemakkelijker kan worden ingelogd translation a parliamentary majority wants to allow the use of cookies only after explicit permission the is not about all cookies , there are also first party cookies that are used to save passwords to ease subsequent logins
4	i like your analogy and point , but i 'd add ( and i realize this is tangential ) that the mail remains inefficient and unfair insofar as people who live in remote areas are being subsidized by others
4	but some traffic is marked fragile for good reason , and if it is handles the same as cargo , shits gonna get broken you ca n't treat a file transfer and voip the same , they have fundamentally different needs
6	really ? ca n't help but think of this as an example of social darwinism for a fraction of the cost of moving from the us to the netherlands , you could easily stay in the us and get around any problems the lack of net neutrality is causing you
6	is n't sweden that country with a majority of beautiful women ? , why would you want to leave
4	so true have an up vote
2	you speak above your head almost every isp , at least here in america , have qos for at least voip traffic some traffic needs to be realtime and is very bandwidth sensitive if you drop a handful of packets while browsing reddit , its gonna load a touch slower , and if you lose a few packets while streaming a movie , you 'll lose a few pixels if you drop a few packets from voip , it 's going to get all garbled and desynchronized and possibly disconnect there is nothing wrong with proper qos , nn aims to ensure that verizon voip is n't prioritized of skype or att voip
1	jesus christ shut the fuck up
5	when the government is regulating monopolies of isp 's , it 's hard to " vote with your wallet " unless you want dialup
2	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because it 's run by dickbags that want to ruin it ? not everybody has your paranoid fear of government there is no reason free market forces could n't solve this problem itself over time over time being the operative phrase regulation will solve the problem now
6	the more money it gets from the government or else it gets the hose again ?
6	why is there chaos ? perhaps chaos was the wrong word but it used to be so that all universities were assumed equal and they actually were up to a point now more and more discrepancies in quality grow between universities so you need to be more careful what you are going to study where also we have a big difference between <> types of school hbo ( hoger beroepsonderwijs ) and university , hbo is a lower form education but abroad they usually do n't know the difference and hbos use this to scam foreign students hbos have also been caught committing fraud with diplomas on many occasions it 's so bad they new started a new committee to screen all the institutions broadband in amsterdam and towns near amsterdam tend to have good broadband , right ? up to <> mbit down and <> orso up is everywhere in the netherlands , that 's good enough in principle but i'm just frustrated that we do n't have fiber yet while actually the main infrastructure is already there for like <> years the insurance is it similar to the us model ? no private insurance , yes , but it 's mandatory so everyone has it , and not as idiotic expensive as us ( <> month for me but i have cheap student insurance ) thing is about healthcare it 's <> of the economy it 's a ridiculously large and complex system i'm not just talking about the health insurance but the quality of the care itself and many many other things that are just poorly done in our system , it would take too long to go through all of it in one comment people waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist true with us as well but this has nothing to do with privatization i think in france nobody ever waits for a doctor , if a family doctor find a disease today you will have the extensive tests the day after the results in <> days and planning surgery within a week , but in the us even people with insurance can wait for a long time as i said healthcare is very complicated it 's not as easy as private vs public
4	the higher grade a school has ( students and various boards grade the schools ) , the more money it gets from the government kind of the reverse of how we have it here in the us , the worse a school is , the less money it gets you would n't think there 's a difference , but there is especially if you have a bad school that 's trying to dig its way out
4	it 's hardly a unbiased analysis i am dutch too , and overall am very satisfied with our social system , even though i consider myself liberal nobody ever gets denied healthcare , insurance is mandatory and pretty cheap i attend a university and generally am pretty satisfied
4	i 've been here for <> weeks now , and i have to tell you that i 've not yet encountered someone who does n't speak at least a little english here i work at a dutch it company and everyone speaks english really well , even those who say they ca n't speak english ! the most difficult thing is going to the supermarket or riding public transportation in the supermarket , although everyone speaks english , almost every product does n't have english ingredients and instructions ( i usually go to albert heijn , as there 's one in almost every corner ) about the public transportation , the problem is that , for instance , if you want to ride the tram , you have to have a chipkaart , which is a very strange system ( you have to check in and check out ) , and the machine where you pass the card only has dutch inscructions besides that , it 's a wonderful country , people are very reserved but everyone respects the other , and you do feel you 're in a country that values their personal liberties
4	english is a mandatory course from ages <> till <> , so everyone is able to express themselves in english most people still construct sentences wrong , by dutch grammar rules , but still
4	afaik food in supermarkets is cheaper than in the us ( at least for fresh vegetables and fruits ) , eating out and take out is more expensive and less common in the netherlands rent is relatively expensive , because the country is pretty densely populated transportation is expensive if the us had our gas prices , there would be nation wide riots gas ( benzine ) is more than <> per gallon taxes on non efficient cars are high , but lower on more more efficient cars public transportation is a mixed bag if you can get a discount card for bus or tram , prices are decent , but if you have to pay the full price , travel can get expensive ( esp by train ) but on the other hand , we have a very extensive public transportation network minimum wage is quite high <> per month , but i think salaries for higher skill jobs is lower than in the us income taxes are progressive , up to <> edit so some taxes cost are quite high , but you can get government subsidies for lots of things if you make less than a certain amount of money you can get subsidies for health care payments , rent , education , etc
6	so what ? an american has it light years better than a nigerian question to you what does that say about the american health care system ? a nothing it 's not a competition and i'm not judging on a relative scale also , and i know i'm getting off track here but whatever , arguably the american healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth , not mainly with quality of care this is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices , but it does n't mean it 's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system the question " should we care for others ? " is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system it 's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself
4	well thanks , but now i read my own comment back i see it 's actually quite poorly written i hope you still thought it was helpful i wrote some more extensive incoherent rambling here ( http www reddit com r technology comments i76ld netherlands makes net neutrality a law c21irig ) in an attempt to clarify some stuff
4	completely agree
2	clearly you have n't been on the said forums enough p bad dangerous driving horrible customer service rude people difficult to make friends easily i could go on & on ) obviously some of these are exaggerated claims , but as an expat myself , i do agree with a couple of points )
4	well , beyond the weird party thing , i 'd say those traits are increasingly common in most countries , so it 's not that bad
5	do n't mind me , just bookmarking this for later trips to netherlands
6	maybe but i'm irritated by internet companies and it , admittedly , can make me see red instead of the point sometimes so , in relation to my metaphor , how does your metaphor work with against it ? cable uses bandwidth either through pumping tv to your house or hdtv how is using the internet <> <> really any different ? it 's probably less bandwidth in comparison to someone watching <> <> hd tv anyway , let me know what you think
2	you ca n't explain that
6	that 's usually how it starts , but you 'd be surprised what can be " linked " to cp
1	what asshole said we were rude ? !
2	you 'd never hear anyone in canada or the us say " oh wow your hair looks shit today " to some this is rude , but i would like to hear it if my hair really does look like shit today so i can fix it
4	well , there is a reason " going dutch ( http en wikipedia org wiki going dutch ) " is synonymous to paying small fees ftfy " dutch courage " courage acquired from drinking liquor " dutch nightingale " a frog " dutch wife " a narrow bolster put between the legs to soak up sweat when sleeping in tropical climates " dutch concert " an unmusical racket " dutch oven ( http en wikipedia org wiki dutch oven ( practical joke ) ) " practical joke i for one , blame the british for those names c i bet they were jelly because we kicked their ass in the <> century <>
2	uuh you mean like kfc ? yeah those are rare and we have no local equivalent
4	every time i read some about the netherlands it 's some awesome , good , forward thinking news is there anything wrong about that country you do n't like ?
4	thanks for the honest answer socialists in the us usually try to use european countries as ' model nations ' , so it 's tough to find these kinds of unbiased analysis written in english
2	and fap to cp the only problem with that statement is in how cp is made that 's why it 's repulsive , not that people get off on it
2	we have the same issues with healthcare in sweden the socialists are against the privatization because it 's " unfair " and not everyone can afford it even though it is subsidized by the government ( you pay a small fee upon visiting the hospital ) people waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist the insurance is it similar to the us model ? broadband in amsterdam and towns near amsterdam tend to have good broadband , right ? why is there chaos ? people accepting ignorance and not caring about studying or because money is becoming more important ? sweden is having a reward system set up the higher grade a school has ( students and various boards grade the schools ) , the more money it gets from the government
4	healthcare our system is awesome an insurance company has to accept every applicant who wants to be insured by law i pay <> euro 's a month , and covers everything i ever need including every hospital visit , dokters appointment and medicine i ever need dental is insured up to <> euro because my girlfriend is still studying she is insured for <> euro a month and we get back <> of it ( <> euro a year ) i know something about the healthcare system because i 've used it to full potential this last year , having a burnout and it turns out i'm anaphylactic to kiwi ( never knew that until i was rushed to the hospital ) education is fine perhaps we do n't teach as well as we used to , but we acknowledge that and are changing it for the best my <> year old niece can count to twenty in english ( might have something to do with dora ) i 've been able to get a university degree without ending in debt every student gets a basic student loan which you have to pay back without interest , unless you graduate , after which it 's absolved i 've given some examples of why our system is awesome now give me your examples why it 's not !
4	<> euro 's for <> in eindhoven but that 's because i'm a student , so that does n't really count ( would normally be around <> ) http www speedtest net result <> png
2	healthcare is dreadful let me ask you a question do you run the risk of going bankrupt if you have a medical emergency ? no ? then do you have people putting off getting basic medical care because they " ca n't afford it " , or because their insurance will drop them ? no ? then you have it light years better than the us does
4	that that 's expensive ? our " decent " colleges start at <> usd <> euro per year and the government provides us with loans my health insurance is <> a month plus copays , glasses and dentist not included ( how how you guys doin that ? what are the costs of living like ? food , rent , transportation ?
2	healthcare used to be free , but that was when you could get <> kbps on your ( no flat fee ) phone line when the internet wind was blowing in the right direction student debts accrued still do not count against your credit rating ( important when getting a mortgage ) and have sub market rates i 'll be repaying <> eur a month till i'm <> but other than that , no repercussions
4	and very , very , very sexy women or so my visits have learned me
4	how 's life there as a non dutch speaker ? i 've been spending a lot of time lurking r iwantout and have been seriously considering uk or netherlands
2	what if an isp decided to peer with google and make microsoft use normal transit ?
4	i think something like medicare medicaid social security is necessary and that eliminating the profit motive from medicine should minimally be a long term goal there is also a massive amount of waste due to old bad policies or just not adapting to modern technology as i said , this is a problem with most governments one example being states discouraging the transition to electronic document filing illinois charges <> for an llc corporation to file online because it is more convenient , even though it should save the state money another more recent thing i have learned is medicare pays the exact same amount for things like cpap machines no matter what they cost which encourages equipment providers to use the cheapest equipment available , even if that is n't what is best for the patient i was also required to have <> in testing , which was paid for by medicare medicaid , to get a cpap machine back ( noncompliance , long story ) that i could have gone online and spent maybe <> on even though my blood oxygen level still dropped well below <> with a pulse oximetry test
4	this is exactly what we want to prevent from happening
4	trust me when i say i go out of my way to behave last thing i want to do is piss of the country that i am visiting all that will do is make it so i ca n't continue to visit there and quite frankly , i love the netherlands , my family is from there and hopefully one day i will live there
4	i know and it bothers me i'm not too familiar with this case in switzerland , racist hate speech has been forbidden by law some years ago ( it 's called the anti racism article ) of course , this does n't stop it from happening on an alarmingly daily basis but it gives victims witnesses the chance to prosecute
4	i agree as i said , i am not up to date on the particular case
3	i'm not sure what your point is as i said to purehatred , i was n't trying to say wilders is as bad as hitler , i was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech
4	when you rule a country without free speech i think you more or less have it
4	i was n't trying to say wilders is as bad as hitler , i was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech
4	you 're thinking " nevermore , " the netherlands is a euphemism for the genital area
3	wo n't make any difference this is n't in the news here at all , strangely enough
4	actually it was on a lot of news sites like nu nl , more than <> hours ago
4	well , there is a reason " being dutch " is synonymous to paying small fees also , dutch are known for being quite rude , albeit more in the sence we like to be more direct to the point
2	well a lot of the things probably can be applied to a lot of other countries as well but here it goes lack of quality supermarkets food ( supermarket wars have resulted in cheap but low grade food compared to some other countries ) we are really not that openminded towards other beliefs and foreigners as we like to belief we have no clue about proper lines as a result we clog up entrances on example public transport where it becomes survival of the fittest we have no clue how to do a proper birthday party , in best dutch tradition everyone sits around in a circle with drinks and snacks in the middle very intimidating if you are not familiar with a lot of the people on said party because you might end up next to people you do n't really like ( http www invader stu com holland ? p <> ) red pants are in fashion for men which is butt ugly i can tell you we have become a society based on individuals with no clue what is happening around us unless it is a annoyance to us and more p based on those expat forums not my own view ( although some things are correct to certain degree )
4	vodafone said the law would inevitably " lead to a large increase in prices for mobile internet for a large group of consumers " as it could no longer single out heavy users for higher charges soooo they raise prices if they do , raise prices if they do n't surprise surprise
1	those very same companies almost forced us to get used to using a lot of bandwidth they practically gave it away then , after we 've gotten used to that , they wanted to charge us for it , " since it costs them so much money "
2	those companies will punish their subscribers with higher rates because they wont be able to redefine their archaic business model to be profitable we 'll find out who the clever companies are
1	the eu is just a bunch of idiots who do n't know what they 're talking about the netherlands is not the same as the eu this bill was passed in the netherlands , not in the eu
4	there is no widely accepted definition of nn currently as rhtimsr1970 states , isps must have some form of traffic management to make sure the day to day internet is working i do n't see a problem in creating a tiered internet by introducing quality of service ( qos ) , as long as there is no discrimination between companies using the tier high latency sensitive content such as voip should not be lagging as it would deteriorate the quality of voip as long as all voip companies have equal access to this tier , everyone benefits because you get a better product the potential problem the commission is addressing is anti competitive discrimination where ex vonage is treated better than skype this would distort the market and leave consumers with fewer choices the commission is taking a hands of approach while giving member states the chance to implement further rules if necessary , as is the case in the netherlands otherwise competition should , at least in theory , prevent isps from engaging in net neutrality breaches tldr qos is not a problem as long as it is done with equal access and transparency
4	never a miscommunication
5	way to miss the point
4	thanks to this comment now i'm eating ( mini ) stroopwafels after seeing them in the supermarket
5	i could n't find any fried chicken
5	technically it 's caramel syrup not honey the name 's already been stated by several of my peers
4	try frikandellen and kroketten they 're delicous
4	it would be helpful if you actually came with arguments and examples to support your view , instead of claiming that those in support of the system are simply ignorant
4	their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward ikea what you did there
6	what are you talking about ? have you seen what the university of edinburgh , for example , charges for tuition ?
1	holy shit ! you get <> <> s and yet your connection is still faster than <> of the us ? man , that 's fucked ! this is my result ( http speedtest net result <> png ) it 's okay , i guess my results are at roughly the same percentile as yours , but mine are for the netherlands i guess the us really does have crappy isps , then
1	have you seen fox news ?
4	that 's the plan it 's not final yet but i fear for the worst man , i'm not happy with the current government at all it 's far too right for my taste ( although it 's probably quite leftish seen through us eyes ) i would have loved a red green government ( pvda , sp , groenlinks and d66 ) maybe next term
4	no need to make it personal i realise my original comment was very appropriate , and i 've already made that clear
4	no , i did n't make a comparison i was just attempting to find an example where totally free speech is n't a good idea
4	nice what do you pay for that ?
4	you 're thinking of the netherworld the netherlands is the second studio album by nirvana
5	except that you could then pretty much manage a country more on a state level with a smaller federal government
1	have you ever seen a train station in germany ? sure , we love to bitch on our public transportation but it 's heaven compared to our neigbouring countries
4	ov is public transport , for those that have no idea there is a new system where everything is done electronically , which in some cases causes troubles i personally have had no problems , but i never have to check in or out , so i might not be the best person to look at edit missed a part of a sentence
5	well , there 's that whole racism thing
2	what , you do n't like raw herring ?
4	hey , come over to belgium then ! we have n't got a government , but we do have some great local television , movies and music ) best of all it 's only a few blocks away !
4	try london everything is worse there fish chips , bad weather , worse food , mary fucking poppins , london ! ( thanks avi )
4	so why not live somewhere else ? kankerpit !
4	the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page my understanding of net neutrality was that it allowed for qos , but not filtering or throttling based on source or destination it seems strange to me to treat voip packets in exactly the same way as packets from a <> file download in a bandwidth scarce environment
6	the government pays you ? ! ? ! ? !
2	my goodness tell me again why every country ca n't do this ?
4	you get great deals on apostrophes , too
4	it 's funny that we , the dutch , have a public outcry ( i have to admit i was pretty pissed off as well ) when the prime minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to <> ( ! ! ! ) a year , but then i stopped and thought about it , about how us students end up having tens of thousands ( some med students even hundreds of thousands ) of dollars in debt , and realized we got it pretty fucking good here banib like laurensber said it 's pretty awesome please keep in mind that that <> a month for the health care package is only for those who can afford it if you do n't got a full time job , or not earning enough the government chips in i , for example , am a <> year old student and thus have not a full time job , so i receive <> a month to pay for my health care
4	so it 's still expensive but very affordable it 's not even nearly expensive , compared to any other country in the world with all the studiefinanciering , a part time job and free public transportation , dutch students have it easy
4	tl dr life is awesome here
4	another big plus for foreigner tourists in the netherlands because a little country is too small a market for tv film companies to bother with dubbing , almost everything is subtitled ( unlike france or germany ) which , as a result , means that most dutch people can speak understand english you can walk up to a dutch guy girl and start talking in english and he she will probably reply in english without batting an eyelid
4	so if i moved and attained a permanent residency there , would life be good ?
5	your concept of expensive and mine do n't match up i'm paying the equivalent of <> euros a month for health insurance , and a <> <> hour stop in the emergency room for sudden onset abdominal pain ( kidney stone ) ended up costing me an additional <> euros after the insurance had paid its part two and a half hours cost me almost as much as you pay for a whole year , and that 's without what i'm ( over ) paying for the coverage
2	you provided the wikipedia definition which comes from tim wu and berners lee , but i dont want to nit pick about the definitions instead i want to say that we agree on the major parts of nn as the eu law states " end users should be able to decide what content they want to send and receive , and which services , applications , hardware and software they want to use for such purposes , without prejudice to the need to preserve the integrity and security of networks and services " so the " public access to information and the freedom to transmit information " is safeguarded by the commission , and rightly so the point where we disagree is about what provides the best innovation on the content side in my opinion , having equal access to the internet and a high degree of competition among the isps , will provide more opportunities for future innovation even though there are two tiers , companies that create a new latency sensitive product will automatically have access to this tier this can in itself create new opportunities , for instance in the health sector imagine an ambulance where the doctor can sit in the hospital and direct the paramedics while the ambulance is on route it is paramount that the connection is stable , because without the stable connection this kind of product will not be safe to use and thus will not be fully developed the potential problem is not that new services can get faster speeds , but that the isps can favour certain companies over others this would be a huge entry barrier to new startups we dont know what kind of innovation the future will bring , but if there had been strict nn laws set in place <> <> years ago ( no tiering at all ) that could have been a barrier for voip applications the internet is still young and evolving , and i fear regulations may have potential negative externalities that have unintended consequences that said , if isps engage in market distorting practices , by all means regulate like in the current case in the netherlands
5	busted
5	you ca n't , for example , exempt your voip solution while still throttling skype or vonage pretty sure most cable companies put their own services on a different channel than the internet and any shaping done at their backbone is not going to affect their own systems if they are provided locally and the main ways i can think to get around this issue are pretty stupid especially when you consider that cable tv could just as easily fall under those same restrictions
2	the issue is that it 's easy to get them mixed up regulation is great if you want things to work like the banking system mis informed , anti consumer , pro rich " regulation " is pretty much what everyone does n't want people know what they want , but most of them do n't have the capacity to express it
4	net neutrality is more concerned with what goes through the pipes than the bandwidth or speed of the pipes themselves an isp ca n't make google com to run <> slower than bing com , for instance , but they can charge two different customers a different price for two different connection speeds
4	lease low latency lines guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber none of what you 're mentioning violates net neutrality
5	ah , i see i do n't really have an explanation for that i guess that you could define opposition of the ' normal ' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well i'm guessing that 's what the writer meant
2	well , usually along with nn , a lot of nn advocates will also advocate for increased transparency into the workings of the isps
1	also it 's quite overpopulated !
3	no , it 's horrible at night , all the regular tv channels switch to porn shows i'm not kidding run far far away !
2	i think it 's the other way around an influx of good foreign bands might be stifiling competition from less experienced local bands your scene ca n't develop
4	i 'd agree with that most music i hear out there is the same music i listen to here in fact i 've even heard lesser known local rap from atlanta make it popular out there
4	relevant thumbnail
5	but think of the money it brings in hotels , restaurants and the coffeeshops benefit as well as the country as a whole from the tax revenues coming to think of it , i 've never seen any problems arise from coffeehops minus the drunk tourists from europe the american stoners are there for the reefer and museums , not bars
4	yeah , i 've only lived in big cities and everyone always hate tourists
2	nope , most of the moroccan youngsters you notice there still is a vast majority of that moroccan age group that causes to problems whatsoever mind you , i do not condone the behavior of this minority , but let 's be fair also do mention moroccan girls , who are doing really fantastic compared to their counterparts of other immigrant or even dutch heritage
6	you were probably joking , but there are actually a lot of cities in between
5	sad but true
4	most of the young dutch people living in those same neighborhoods are too it 's not a matter of ethnicity , it 's a matter of environment
1	" most of the " absurd statement most of the young moroccans go to school , study , have jobs , try to do their best etc check the numbers , idiot ! and i'm amazed you received these upvotes who are these ignorant people ?
5	i do n't get that article first , it says we have a " neutral " net excepting that it 's nowhere near as neutral as it should be , ok but then he gets upset that we 're trying to preserve that we 're calling for regulation that will keep it the way it is apparently he has n't been listening when comcast decides to fuck with bittorrent traffic , or when the ceo of at & t says that they should be paid by google when consumers access google 's sites
4	my isp throttling bit torrent traffic begs to differ and since that isp controls the majority of the dsl networks in the area ( as they layed down the majority of the cables when they used to be state owned ) , if i switch it makes no difference as my packets still get throttled through those networks i do not have net neutrality , right now neither do a lot of people
5	so more akin to say , ups fedex instead of usps which i 'd certainly be in favor of for isps
5	those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well we are quite bad at following money once we give it away
5	how would getting up help ? the best case scenario is that i run into news tv or a newspaper , and those are like reddit with a way longer update schedule most of the time , i'm not within reach of news at all but not on reddit
1	reddit who you trust when you 're too lazy to watch the news yourself
5	we do n't have cnn in the netherlands
1	uh that still sounds like bullshit wtf would i need to pay more just so i can have access to the full internet ?
1	those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well we are quite bad at following money once we give it away
4	wo n't matter what america does affects everyone 's net
4	congratulations , the netherlands no longer has any isps which can price things how they want , and is now overseen by the government
6	does that mean netherlands now can sue u s companies which violate that dutch law ?
2	whelp , i'm moving to the netherlands probably holland , that 's where my ancestry came from legal drugs , prostitution , and open internet for all , and wheels of cheese what 's not to like ?
5	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because some carriers do things you do n't like ? get a new carrier ! ! there is no reason free market forces could n't solve this problem itself over time now that you let the government control a piece of it , it will keep gobbling up more responsibilities in that sphere until it creates god knows how many problems sigh edit ipad spelling fail also , as user ' rule ' pointed out above , the law bans cookies that 's really and issue i want my politicians deciding for me thank god for the government
4	well done netherlands , now you must fight to keep it and expand it !
4	reddit , reddit , reddit so trusting of governments anywhere so distrustful of corporations all the while closing your eyes to the fact that the corporations pay the politicians to pass the laws the corporations want passed for example " historically , the fcc has sometimes shown more concern for the demands of corporate lobbyists and ' public decency ' advocates than it has for individual civil liberties " electronic frontier foundation ( eff )
4	just go ride yer bikes , ye nederlander
4	" however , isps said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications , such as games or file sharing programs , can slow down their entire network for all customers " big isp companies are always blabbing how big their network is and how fast and how reliable it is they even said that a few people can not affect the quality of all the customers but now they are saying otherwise yet everyone has to pay the high price of the bill because their big , fast and reliable network can not handle a few specs of data from one single user oh please , i'm tired of hearing bullshit from isp comapnies it 's ok for them to make money , but it has to be fair for everyone
4	great , so all dutch internet users will pay more for internet access because of the <> that game and stream around the clock
5	this i'm on reddit way too much
5	it 's more like if you paid a bit in taxes , and they laid out a new superhighway just because it 's an entire superhighway , does n't mean you do n't need to stay in your lane , and you certainly ca n't expect the system to work if everyone goes out and buys <> lane wide cars because they deserve to use the whole road
5	well , no , not really that 's just the modern marketing promoted by netizens the truth is that networks must have restrictions placed on them by isps for reasons ranging from switch house overloads to basic infrastructure upgrades codifying a law that denies " any restrictions " is pointless better to define what the restrictions are and be transparent about where the bottlenecks are , what causes them and how the cause and solution can exist in parity
5	probably a lot , as a dutch person myself i spent some time on a expat forum because i was curious about how the netherlands are perceived apparently there is a lot to dislike about us and our country p i could make a list p
5	when really stoned in amsterdam , the selection of food is not quite as vast as i would hope for that is my only complaint about the netherlands
1	your right , companies get infrastructure for free , and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity you ever rip up a street to lay a new line ? it is n't cheap i'm not saying they do n't gouge the hell out of us , but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs is n't fair either
1	your right , companies get infrastructure for free , and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity you ever rip up a street to lay a new line ? it is n't cheap i'm not saying they do n't gouge the hell out of us , but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs is n't fair either
5	i'm not rich enough to help its gotta be at least a million bucks to buy a rep nowadays
1	that was the pvda ( partij van de arbeid i e " labor party " ) whom voted for an internet filter , while that was not their plan ! sucky translation available here ( http translate googleusercontent com translate c ? hl en & ie utf8 & prev t & rurl translate google com & sl auto & tl en & twu <> & u http frontpage fok nl nieuws <> <> <> <> pvda stemt per ongeluk voor internetfilter html & usg alkjrhghag bouyt l0 nuhuc6oooq3yg )
5	the weather
2	you made the comparison there is a special layer of hell reserved for you people scum
2	and i was trying to point out that hitler and his nazi fellows should n't be dragged into discussion about free speech ( hardly in any discussions ) because to be honest if a discussion comes to a point where this is really necessary it has gone to shit anyway and is n't worth discussing godwin 's law ( http en wikipedia org wiki godwin <> law ) and it is common interpretation says it already , whenever hitler is mentioned the discussion is basically finished and or you lost the discussion since there is plenty much more to be discussed i think you just lost the discussion ( also confirmed by your downvotes )
1	you can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in california sweden ? not so much and if you 're not in california ( or one of the states with mmj laws ) ?
5	here ( http www alternet org drugs <> the <> worst states to get busted with pot ? page entire ) is a brief list for easy demonstration of bad laws that i found now since sweden is not made up of states with individual laws , let 's keep with the federal laws perhaps ? if not , in how many states can you get a dispensary license ? also , does n't the federal police strike down on legal dispensaries from time to time ? as i said , they are far from good , so you 're not going to get me saying they are " better " degrees in hell i guess also as far as i'm aware , you can now get a prescription in another country in eu and bring it home to sweden a guy recently tried this and he succeeded eventually believe me , i would love to piss on bejerot 's ( http en wikipedia org wiki nils bejerot ) grave if i could , but it does not change facts you 've simply got a lot more people with bizarelly harsh convictions for possession than sweden
6	no , that has been blown out of proportion ( http www crikey com au <> <> <> has australia really banned small breasts )
6	please tell me you 're joking ?
4	ah yes , you 're talking about the febo as sweet as the food in the wall is , it 's better fresh
4	thanks i'm going to chew on this
1	you can only limit free speech when it 's becoming slander or when you 're attacking a single person attacking ideas and groups of persons is what free speech is all about you ca n't limit that
2	that and agreements with content providers to pay for transit but really any form of packet discrimination , because they have emotions too ( http tools ietf org html rfc5841 ) , you know !
2	does n't the australian government consider everything child porn ?
2	supposedly it was in r australia a few days ago i 'd link it , but i'm on my phone
4	healthcare is mandatory and awesome , <> euros a month including dentist and glasses and such broadband is <> euro 's for <> , pay more and you can get up to <> mb in some area 's education is <> euro 's a year and the government pays you about <> so it 's still expensive ( with book and living costs and such ) but very affordable
4	pretty good broadband cheap and fast i pay <> euros for a combined cable , phone and <> healthcare private , but you get compensated under a certain income if you 're unemployed you get about <> euros a month to cover costs the down side is that everyone pays <> income tax as a minimum still , the streets are clean , crime is low and employment opportunities are high it 's a fair trade
3	be careful asking such questions on reddit you will get an extremely biased view from most redditors , just like you might get a distorted view of the us if reddit is your only new scource healthcare is dreadful the only people who like the healthcare system are people who know absolutely nothing about the healthcare system broadband <> of people have <> download speeds , unfortunately laying fibre networks is going very slow because of eu interference if you life in the right place you 'll have true broadband speeds like <> <> education we are in the process of destroying our education so it 's mediocre in many places now we used to have a guaranteed standard so all education was equally good in all places ( in theory anyway ) but now it 's a bit more chaos , like it is in the us system really look out where you are going to study edit sorry i wrote this in haste , my english is actually better than what you might assume from this comment
4	i am an atheist republican who thinks people should be allowed to read about bombs and fap to cp
4	broadband is awesome here paying <> euros for <> mbs with no cap
4	sweden has worse drug laws than the us no we do n't the drug laws are far from good , but how are they worse than the us ?
2	you are flawed in thinking that companies live by " what is legal " they live by providing a service to other people look at reality a company tried it , it did n't work , so they are n't doing it any more no law required
5	so it 's solving a problem that does n't exist gotya
1	because no country is perfect ? he asked for things we did n't like about about our country i'm happy at how right i was with " the people can be quite rude " though
5	you forgot the beer !
5	they 're actually implementing this at the border , not in amsterdam as far as i know
5	hutspot is ok , but for our cuisine , having imported a few cultures was quite a blessing a man can eat cooked potatoes only so many times a week without losing his sanity
4	i meant the local music if it were any good , we would n't need to constantly get these foreign musicians to do shows here gabber originated from the netherlands
5	immigration is a problem in more ways than just " dey took our jerbs " it has a lot to do with illegal sex trade and the abuse of the prostitution system to maintain a network of sex slaves in the red light district
5	not really , this might sound racist , but most of the young ( <> <> ) moroccans are really rude , break steal stuff ect
2	i 'd say that 's the political climate growing more extreme ? maybe i did n't phrase it properly , i did n't mean to pass judgement to pass judgement the pvv and their kind are idiots who just want to yell popular things , though the immigrant criminals and anti social kids are n't helping either
2	which kinda sucks if you live there edit and let 's face it , most of us do you either live in amsterdam , or near the border there 's not much in between )
5	nope , but there it 's really bad i hate what amsterdam has become and how it makes the whole country look do n't get me wrong , i'm actually quite proud of our drugs and prostitution laws , but this by far is n't what our entire country is about i wish i could drag some of those tourists to some other towns so they wo n't just tell their friends back home " netherlands is a crazy party country <> <> smoke everyday whoooo "
5	i think americans would be skinnier
1	your up is faster than my down i hate you
4	correctly , at that
2	not to mention our current government they 're busy turning this place into some kind of reaganistan with xenophobic fringe benefits
4	its awesome isnt it ? you just dont want us to move there !
2	due to immigrants ? due to people making a fuss over immigrants is what i would say
1	i 've never noticed sex tourism outside of amsterdam and drugs tourism is something that only happens in amsterdam and most bordertowns
5	local quisine patatje oorlog , hutspot , raw herring
5	the music ca n't be that bad almost every artist here in the states makes it a point to do atleast one show a year in amsterdam in fact every time i am in amsterdam i find several concerts to go to
4	sounds like i need to move there and start a rock n' roll band
4	sounds like america , sans the good stuff
4	sounds a lot like norway except for the tourism part p
2	maybe i'm imagining this but did n't the dutch government ( or perhaps just amsterdam ) revise the rule concerning marijuana to just cover residents rather than tourists ?
5	more like australia , the internet laws here are beyond retarded
5	the reasons it was passed was because there was a direct need for it the largest company ( which from the state some <> years ago ) started to 'd eep inspect ' the traffic , so that it could , in the future , could ask extra payment for internet stuff that makes texting and calling obsolete so it was also a privacy issue , or mostly a privacy issue , besides a free market ideal
5	for european standards , it 's second only to the uk in expensiveness
5	from what i hear it is really high standard of living if i'm not mistaken
4	brb netherlands
5	alright , i'm going to leave sweden as soon as i'm done with my education and move to the netherlands
1	damned dutch , always ahead of the curve
1	awaits the trolls saying how wonderful europe is when the reality its a shithole
5	i already terminate my traffic there
5	proud <> b dutch ) edit save for all the other crap our national ( and eu ) politicians put us up with this one works , but allll the other stuff is plain stuhpid
1	dammit ! misleading thumbnail
4	one interesting point here is how net neutrality interconnected with privacy labour mp martijn van dam , one of the bill 's co authors , said that kpn was similar to " a postal worker who delivers a letter , looks to see what 's in it , and then claims he has n't read it "
4	i want to go to there
5	call me when they make milhouse a meme
5	sorry to disappoint , but this is n't true see , the netherlands is this make believe place where peter pan and captain hook live
1	yeah , this one really snowballed and has never been corrected
5	at first i read pedo <> life
5	ik heb ervaring uit de eerste hand met het rechtssysteem , studeer namelijk rechten en indirect met de zorg , doordat mijn moeder is behandeld voor lange tijd dus op beide punten kan ik best een gefundeerde mening geven
1	what the fuck
5	i'm guessing <> eur , including telephone and tv
2	for a scottish student studying their first degree ? zero pounds , zero pence my fees would be <> , however they are entirely paid by saas , the student awards agency for scotland as they are for all scottish students studying their first degree , regardless of parental income
2	no , because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors " no , because yes indeed " ? have you had your morning coffee yet ? ) should myspace have been able to pay to slow down facebook ? how about msnbc paying to slow down fox news ? those practises are already illegal under antitrust law it 's facebook paying at & t for a bigger pipe to their network , or even any pipe at all at & t would love to be paid by time warner , amazon , google , etc for allowing them on their tubes because frankly , selling co location services to cdns does n't earn their ceo a g6
5	you 're thinking of nevermind the netherlands is a military strategy game involving robots that was developed for commodore <> in the late <>
5	the higher tuition fees for a second master or bachelors degree are final it 's a pvda ( plasterk ) plan from the previous cabinet fortunately i was able to circumvent the higher fees by being registered to the first and second degree simultaneously for a month , and so being able to just pay the <> eur
4	luckily , i'm not living in the states unluckily , where i live has something like fox news too
4	maybe it 's because skype was probably one of the first applications like that i sure did n't use skype until about a year ago now that people are introduced to this type of application , they are more likely to jump on to any competitor faster also , internet sucked shit in <> bro this article is stupid
4	tango client for ios is horrible i was getting random calls , yet calls to people i knew never worked
4	i have it installed and have yet to use it its one of those " in case someone i know only uses this " apps
4	sounds like someone is fluffing someone in preparation for a sale
4	not to mention you can use skype on your computer , not just your mobile device
4	apple plans to eventually roll out a music upgrade service this service would take poor quality low bitrate mp3s and attempt to upgrade them to higher quality ogg or similar files ( some apple preferred format that is n't flac ) through the cloud by identifying them matching their meta data some other kind of automatic process i suspect this is the reason they got those licenses , not just pure caution
2	i hardly listen to new music because there are so many hoops to jump through i 'll listen to some songs through youtube , but thats it , no more giving money to these guys
4	legal or illegal , the method amazon and google are trying to pass is n't forward thinking at all they tried to pull the old trick of being the first one to the game , but clearly that does n't work when you have to negotiate with such an uptight industry ( music ) it 's too soon to say for sure , but it looks like apple is tackling this in the best way possible scan your music library , upgrade lower quality songs to <> , make library available to your devices i have n't tried amazon or google , but depending on the size of your music library , you 'll be spending day after day uploading before you can sync the cost from uploading my <> of music would put my internet bill at over <> for one month itunes match is <> a year
4	also available in original ars technica <> page ( http arstechnica com tech policy news <> <> are google music and amazon cloud player illegal ars ) format
4	its safe to say any apple provided file would be acc
4	i find myself using streaming services more and more pandora , xm , etc mainly because i'm not picky enough that i have to listen to a certain song at a given time , especially with all the legality issues it 's just not worth it
4	yeah , that 's what apple uses for itunes songs
6	aac ? that could be it
2	that he ca n't add
1	cameron estimates that the cost of storing energy using his system is <> percent cheaper than storing electricity via batteries based on what ? how can you guess shit like this ?
4	through the heat exchanger , modern compressors and expanders , the system approaches adiabatic operation , achieving efficiencies over <> percent yeah , right
8	that iceberg photo was debunked as a fake years ago unfortunate
4	this article was a lot more interesting when i thought it said " storing energy with compressed air underwear "
4	yawn hydro plants pump storage system are in the <> <> range if you guys are n't familiar with pump storage , it is actually a pretty cool system during the night , they use the excess electricity to pump water to huge reservoirs at the top of a mountain during the day , when electricity is needed , the water is released through generators this has an efficiency rating of up to <>
6	why not ? the cost per megawatt to store electricity is comparable physical batteries are actually quite expensive to produce the magnitudes that they are talking about is on a totally different scale for example , the worlds largest battery has a capacity for <> megawatt enough to power <> , <> homes for one hour on the other hand , pump storage systems are in the <> <> <> <> gigawatt http www bizjournals com triangle news <> <> <> duke plans worlds biggest battery html
6	what point are you trying to make ?
4	just what i thought
2	ridiculously short lifespan , especially since <> of those stories would go unnoticed in the early days of the site and never get seen at all the site would need traffic constantly to justify such a short lifetime for articles to be properly judged
5	every eight minutes an article dies sad face
4	something tells me that it will turn out to be just another online tabloid
6	wheres that sad animal lady who does those depressing commercials ? we need her now ! every eight minutes an article dies but you can help , by donating to
5	it is just like when i post on reddit , i can see itt for <> min then it disappears forever
5	i would feel sorrier for the poor isps if the government was n't handing out billions of dollars in grants for broadband development , and if comcast did n't just report <> increase in profits in may , and at & t was n't reporting profit gains these companies are n't hurting by any stretch they just know that in many cases , customers really do n't have a choice fuck these isps fuck every last one of them
1	this is a clear case of a monopolies imposing anticompetitive practices that hurts the buying power of the consumer yet the ftc is investigating google for setting the default browser to their engine , something that can be changed to a variety of choices by customers the fcc 's commissioner leaves to take a job at comcast <> weeks after approving their nbc merger ? what are they seeing that i do n't ?
4	totally agree i routinely use <> a month from comcast without any issues as long as the prices remain low , why does it matter how they decide to charge you maybe people who only use their internet to check their email and play a couple games dont feel like they should have to pay as much as people who use tbs per month downloading and seeding you 're right though , resistance on reddit is futile
6	internet service in australia is good ? first time i 've heard that
1	nice try , government shill
1	let 's not forget the shit that comcast pulls like charging <> a month for tv , phone and internet but if you do n't want their tv and phone you have to pay <> a month for the same internet
6	is n't this was all antitrust laws are designed to forbid ?
2	the government would really really appreciate that
2	when i pay my home phone bill i get to talk as long as i want data is dirt cheap it 's a fact
4	internet service is shit in australia currently but the upcoming government funded national broadband network has some real potential i 'll take my uncapped " no competition " <> mbps american internet access over the average australian 's " abundance of competition " sub <> mbps , heavily capped choices , mmmkay
5	i think insult is a strong word for what i said , but i apologize if you were insulted its obvious from looking at your history for <> seconds that you 're not really a turfer , which is why i felt secure in saying what i did in jest but hey , do n't let a sense of humor get in the way of feeling high and mighty , captain capitalism
4	thank you for the response , and yes my example is an obvious one , although not out of the realm of reasonable speculation in the u s , there is rarely more than one isp provider in a given community where i am living now , and elsewhere , there is only one provider i do n't have the choice you have in terms of picking services that compete do you know if australia has legal requirements for fair leasing between the owners of the copper fiber , and isps ? i assume you have plenty of isps to pick from since each can lease the wiring to your home from the owner in the u s , very few companies have agreed to leasing any portion of their local loop the current outstanding agreements are between the <> or <> largest isps , and within local loop markets where they do not compete when i talk about line leasing btw , i mean the local loops between longer haul portions of the infrastructure and local sets of communities it is also incredibly difficult for a new isp to rebuild a local loop , because besides capital and investment costs , most municipalities will refuse permitting the construction of a redundant loop
5	i 've reversed my downvote , and i feel like a jackass i told the truth , i almost never downvote , but i was drinking heavily , and it got away from me if it costs the provider more to deliver the volume of data that you are requesting , should that cost not be passed on to you as a consumer ? yes , and no they have it set up as a buffet all you can eat ! the advertisements scream , and then they quietly pull you aside , and tell you that since you 're getting up for thirds , you 'll have to pay extra in fact , you grabbed a little more than is allowed with your second plate , so you 'll have to pay for that too i do n't have a problem with the concept of metered , but it would have to be treated much more like water or electricity i would be willing to pay more , but do n't tell me that it costs <> <> mo to send those <> gigs up and down give me a realistic figure , and cut youself <> on the top for overhead profit you wo n't starve , and i will be paying far less than i am today in my mind , this is where capitalism is at odds with the welfare of the people i'm not ready to call access to the internet a human right , but it 's becoming increasingly important you only have to look to areas where municipal utilities have been privatized to see that the little man gets screwed , so i'm not ready to accept that " they provide the service , they should sell it at whatever the market can bear " less and less is this a matter of luxury but what really set me off was the concept that they ( telecoms ) should be justified in overselling their throughput i think this is what i was reacting to in particular any way you slice it , it 's an underhanded and dirty tactic because of the nature of the business , they know exactly how many customers they have , at what tier , and what they can handle
4	nice try , at & t pr turfer
4	you just got yourself downvoted with the first section of your first sentence impressive
6	do n't know why people are downvoting you while i understand where you ( and they ) are coming from , isps need to invest in new and better infrastructure i would be willing to pay a little extra , as long as i knew the money was being used to improve my internet speeds ( i e fios ) honestly it sounds like isps are just being lazy , trying to gain as much profit as they can from outdated equipment
1	so light up the metric shit ton of dark fiber your employer likely has sitting around doing nothing many isps have n't innovated in years because they never had to they are making money hand over fist and are getting government payouts specifically for infrastructure upgrades yet they have the gall to whine and bitch and moan and charge completely exhorbitant fees fuck them of course , by upgrading infrastructure , they 'd lose their ability to protect their media properties this is as much a neutrality issue as anything else if an isp is unable to meet consumer needs , they should lose their psuedo monopolies
1	i know i'm not in the industry , but from my combined reading of commentary and financial analysis releases , that 's bullshit for the big isps they 're using internet service as a big profit center and the combined expenses are nowhere near as large as they 're being portrayed the bandwidth caps are pointless because so much of the expense has to deal with equipment designed for peak load , not off time use if i use <> gb month on off hours , why am i penalized while the <> guys who do <> gb each during peak hours pay nothing extra ? i 'd also be fine paying sane and reasonable costs for extra bandwidth use isp here wants <> gig on top of their highest network plan ( <> month ) anything else offers even less bandwidth than the <> gb cap ( much less ) with even fucking higher per gig bills
6	if the profit margins are so low , then what is there to complain about ?
1	your insult is lame there is a comma missing " it is wrong , fag " see ?
1	fuck comcast its actually illegal for fucling verizon to bring me fios because comcast is in bed with the local government fios cut of point is half a fucking block from my house literally this is philadelphia too , not the middle of nowhere pa i refuse to give comcast another cent , so i 've been workout internet at home for three months now (
6	any idea how we can actually stop this from happening , since we already are the consumers of their products and boycotting is n't really an option ?
6	netflix is right to do this , but i ca n't understand why more content companies are n't on board with this thinking it hurts all of them netflix , amazon , apple , facebook now with video chat google they are all going to lose customers to this
6	" is vexal chinese ? " " what ! ? ! " jules shoots brett in the arm " does he type chinese ? "
2	i almost never downvote , except for spam congratulations , this is a new level of ridiculousness i have never encountered it does help me understand , in part , why legislation is so far behind the excuses and lies thanks for that , at least
1	fuck everything about this
2	duh , you think isps will change their services so customers pay less ? hahahha where do you think you are japan ? south korea ?
6	i do n't understand how they can even attempt this without it being an obvious attempt to block competition the solution is simple tv stations need these companies to broadcast their stations give each broadcaster a of ad revenue generated based on the amount of viewers they have fox , nbc , abc , ctv , global need comcast , rogers , bell , etc as much as they need them
2	and while the monopolies , the conglomerates and the studios attack them with internet throttling , caps and bad press they make enormously massive deals with them with the other hand as if nothing remarkable is going on at all capitalism is a dirty thing
6	which is a good argument why network access providers should n't be allowed to also be content providers
6	where 's the no part ? how is getting more money from consumers not the point ?
6	this is true , but that money has always been there i do n't understand how they managed to do it back then ( bell ) vs now
6	charge users by the amount of data they use will end up costing consumers more is n't that the point ?
2	paying by the bit ? well , i 'll pay for the <> , but i ai n't paying for the <>
2	what sucks is that most people use below their bandwidth limit but these isps are unwilling to let a few people go above it something like less than <> ? it 's the nature of corporations sigh
2	it 's not necessarily that the isps want the customers to pay more , but that the isps want customers to pay them more only when they push netflix out of the market will they consider ratcheting up the prices )
2	i interpreted the " no " part as in " no , it 's actually something worse than simply higher bandwidth costs "
5	you see that is where i failed )
2	because they also instinctively become anti competitive and in doing so they cease to adequately serve both network access and content this can be a problem especially when all of the network providers do this they each become a monopoly the problem then becomes breaking up these antitrust cartels what do ?
6	did you read the article ? with foreign adversaries continuing to improve their radar capabilities and air defense networks , and terrorists worldwide using modern consumer electronics to trigger explosives , the united states is spending billions of dollars in a massive effort to respond these jammers , for instance , spew radio waves and emit other electromagnetic noise to jumble enemy electronic signals
4	this is all cool , but i think us is still keep ignoring the fact that its current enemies are not using advance technology at all they use old school , but effective weapons like ak <> and ide explosives send their messages using birds or just human messengers , and operate in small independent groups so i do n't think those kind of advance electronic warfare help against insurgents in middle east
1	that is a very ignorant comment , not every country is afghanistan
4	i like how they say " thousands now bazillions on the way " that is n't false advertising in the slightest
2	the pre3 page only has a few apps listed as well they just chose to throw in a couple more popular apps vs an exhaustive list
4	also , salvage <> ( http en wikipedia org wiki salvage <> ) )
6	this is cool and all , but it 's just a digital pinhole camera ( http en wikipedia org wiki pinhole camera ) they did n't really " invent " anything
3	the company later issued a statement claiming that if a human were behind the wheel , they would have noticed the collision avoidance system was n't working and taken the appropriate action are they implying that these systems being developed are meant to be relied upon by the driver ! ? i am terrified that this should be something to advertise even and rather have it just as a secondary safety system i wonder how many will test it out and crash right into their neighbor 's car
3	yeah this was pretty big news over a year ago when it happened check the date on your article
1	what a bullshit system how can they demonstrate it without making sure its <> reliable ?
6	i do n't see how google can be classed as a monopoly it 's not like they 're preventing someone else from starting a search engine , it 's just that nobody else has figured out how to do it better
2	this is n't even a google product , it just uses google ebooks imo , it 's not even that ugly
2	it looks like an oldsmobile with gold trim
4	you rock eff !
4	this is just one of the many reasons i make my first donation of the year to eff
2	this seems largely ineffectual righthaven is purely a symptom of a system that has been perverted the court may chastise them for playing this shellgame with copyright law , but copyright law will still be broken
2	you 're assuming normal people will organize their friends in the circles to begin with if not , it 's just facebook with more nerd fanboys
6	and the electric water gas utilities , roads , streaming media services , phones , almost all webhosting providers , email services , hospitals , fire police departments , game services ( steam ) , etc basically no service is designed to handle all customers potential users all the time when starting a new service you have to make an educated guess on growth used patterns based on whatever evidence you have there are mistakes very frequently ever experienced a brownout or ' all lines busy network overloaded ' message on your phone ?
2	it 's true i gave them my email once while i was at work when i got home my house had burned to the ground
2	he rapes your churches and burns your women
8	they totally knew what to expect why would you set your daily invite limit astronomically higher than then your server abilities ? if that 's the case it 's still a fail
2	it 's quite simple and yes , people will organize because they do n't want family , friends and business all intermingling it 's pretty smart i think facebook is fucked
4	a circles clone on facebook would n't work most people have already built large friends list on there , and organizing them now ( especially since some people do n't even know ask their facebook friends ) would be a daunting task since google starts fresh , the task is less daunting and to be perfectly honest , i'm liking how it is effectively cleaning out my messy friends list without the awkwardness of removing the people i do n't care for so it really is solving two problems
6	good idea ! as a google apps user , i 've got an extra <> of gmail space that i 'd be happy to donate if they will let google apps users into google ( http www google com support forum p google apps thread ? tid <> & hl en ) ( grumble )
2	yeah , annoying your current users by spamming them with notifications is a great publicity stunt
8	no you would n't be saying that if you saw what their system did as a result it pretty much freaked out in a small but very visible way this was just poor growth planning
2	so what you 're saying is that they fucked up i agree
8	i remember this same argument being used to say why google would never outdo yahoo
7	thank you maybe i should have phrased it better basically what i was saying is this is a marketing ploy the way beta invites work is they only release as many invites per day as their servers can handle otherwise they will of course crash all i tried to say is that since you can see server overload coming from a mile away the only two options are a ) someone royally fucked up b ) this is just a marketing ploy
6	so you did n't realize it was sarcasm humour ? )
2	i'm saying it might just have been your everyday glitch , but they chose to hype it in their " apology " by sensationalizing " google is so popular we ran out of server space ! ! we never expected so many people to approve of our amazing product so soon ! ! it 's better than facebook ever was ! ! " etc ( also i did n't actually see any real evidence that this affected more than a handful of users for around an hour , if it happened at all ) i'm not saying it 's a bad tactic , nor do i have any additional support for what i think it was
2	google running out of disk space thats a first
1	they should have known their disks were getting full before they filled up if they did n't someone seriously fucked up their job
4	haha wow mr lets cloud everything runs of of disk space
1	everyone is sucking google 's dick in the comments
2	i blame felicia
1	sucking so hard in reality if their servers " run out of disk space " that implys terrible server management and scaling but even so , it 's obviously just a marketing ploy there was a set number of invites to be released daily so how again could they be shocked by this ?
2	do n't ! it 's a trap !
1	no , i do n't get it , google better go and create a damn datacenter right fucking now ! i want in (
4	growing faster a bunch of fanboys have started using it but will get tired of it after a month just like wave any feature that google has , facebook will copy after a few months you do n't think that facebook will make its " lists " feature more like " circles " now ?
6	why would you set your daily invite limit astronomically higher than then your server abilities ? the same reason universities accept many , many more students than actually end up in their freshman class the same reason airlines overbook flights and it rarely causes a problem the same reason isps can provide cable internet by overselling capacity you seem to not understand how the world around you works edit do you think reddit could handle all of its users signing on and posting a new thread , all at the same time ?
6	i kind of wonder about that too , disks do n't just go from zero to full in an instant surely it would have been seen coming from a mile away maybe they just were n't monitoring it closely because they underestimated the popularity of google ?
2	what is this sentence trying to say ? i'm so confused
4	it 's saying " haha , wow ! 'mr lets cloud everything ' is running out of disk space "
4	i think you 're confusing publicity with pr life gives you lemons , you tell everyone why lemons are awesome and not terribly sour
1	its a beta version of free software that has just been released for testing with an enormous increase of users over the last few weeks , and its an issue that was caught and promptly fixed , what the fuck do you expect ?
6	monitoring data is what google does i would seriously doubt that theory
4	it seems legit to me the entire reason for having limited invites is discover bugs and mistakes like this without destroying your public perception people seem to think that it is because they are trying to build hype , but i'm pretty sure they are losing way more by letting facebook launch features publicly before them , plus losing a ton of hype interest that came with the news stories when it was first launched edit to be clear , i'm claiming they are trying to turn a negative story positive by saying 'we underestimated how many people would be on google ' , when in reality they knew exactly how many people were on it and made a mistake with how they set up their disk space it seems far more likely than that they purposefully made their service degrade to try to get pr which is what it looks like you are claiming
4	ditto here as well
2	yes , things that are bad lines in front of clubs making them appear popular , sold out games making people want in more and google
1	obviously apple wants less competition so they can do whatever they want but too bad for apple
2	when apple have an original idea , then they can complain about people copying things
2	all the new " features " in ios <> are an obvious android rip off
6	everyone copies everyone all the time apple 's interface is sudddenly a mobile meme ? so was xerox 's parc for apple maybe they could instead of suing everyone under the sun for everything under the sun make their products inimitable that would be something to try
6	yes because microsoft invented motion sensors no one has ever had this idea before , and there are currently no projects other than the kinect regarding this kind of technology
6	anyone else look at the thumbnail and think " making it so easy a retard could do it " ? i'm a horrible person
8	i think the main reason the gop stays in power is they constantly come down on the " easy " solutions lower taxes , less regulations the dems are always the ones who have to act like grownups and make the tough decisions that are better for the country as a whole no one likes to raise taxes , but sometimes you have to do it
8	that 's the point is n't it ? if the democrats can take responsibility for the recovery , their <> chances , as well as other elections down the road as well , are doomed they remember what happened with the new deal and the great depression they 'd rather be the ones who can take credit for it this time
8	actually met an afghani once , said the people in kabul are pretty terrified of what will happen if we leave afghanistan various extremist groups still hold most of the south , so much so that if you 're at all affiliated with the government the area is unsafe for you to even travel through , and a network of sunni madrassas in pakistan are doing pretty heavy recruitment folks send their kids off , knowingly or not , and the kids come back with pretty militant views fuck michael moore i'm not crazy about war but it sounds like our presence is the only thing that country from collapsing into another bloody power struggle
2	we are preparing for ground war in libya and we are preparing to start shit in syria what is happening right now is they are relieving domestic pressures by releasing those gas reserves and acting like they are winding down troop levels only so they can do a greater military offense
5	" it is time that the president cut ties with the plutocrats " funniest thing i 've read this week ! good one !
3	depends on who you 're talking about though if they are anything like my mom , who is blaming all of what the gop is doing on obama without being able to cite how she came to such a conclusion , then all it would do would be to cement those opinions further there are just some people who are so far gone or disconnected that it does n't matter what happens , it 's going to be his fault , and all of the accomplishments are going to be credited to the gop
2	i agree with the sentiment , but the article linked to is not very well written
6	funny how this question and question about greeks protesting austerity measures , relate
4	i like how he says the republicans want to tax the middle class to balance the budget i found that kind of funny
4	that is the sole function of faux news
4	you have my upvote for that one
6	i look forward to reading about your bullet riddled corpse
6	what would the gas n go do without you ?
4	lol at the notion that anyone is intentionally ruining the country
1	how the fuck did this get to the front page ? they say that the gop is ruining the country let 's take a look at what obama has done for the country unemployment has gone up gas prices have gone up iran thinks that we are pussy 's we are losing one of our strongest allies israel and the stock market has gone down he 's let the gov ' t go downhill
1	fuck you
8	lighten up , francis
2	awesome i do want updates after they do make a blog cause democrats did not contribute at all to anything and they are angelic as a newborn child
6	gop could stand for lots of things geriatric obtuse pricks ?
2	do you realize how nonsensical it sounds to refer to the republican party as the gop , which stands for grand old party , an an anti republican party statement ? at least drop the grand off and just call it the op op
4	thanks for adding to the discussion
6	why should generics have a duty to warn when primary does not ? " federal law requires the original makers of these brand name drugs to include an approved and up to date warning label that tells doctors and patients of possible side effects or complications but in a <> <> decision , the high court said this duty to warn patients of newly revealed dangers does not extend to the makers of generic drugs "
8	you ca n't know the side effect unless the manufacturers tell you they have the burden of sharing the side effects , not the public that ca n't do the tests themselves
8	you ca n't know the side effect unless the manufacturers tell you they have the burden of sharing the side effects , not the public that ca n't do the tests themselves
1	the manufacturer is telling you a generic is essentially a copy of the original product if something is wrong with the original product 's formula , the company making it is responsible for informing the public , not the person copying it let 's just say you take a generic version of medicine a then a news story breaks that medicine a causes massive diarrhea if you do n't stop taking your generic because you did n't know it was the same drug as medicine a , you 're stupid
4	thank you for the correction
4	i'm glad that the court saw fit to protect my constitutionally enshrined right to receive a severe neurological disorder when i'm treating my acid reflux clearly this is directly in line with the framer 's intentions
1	okay puts on hat that 's it grabs suitcase i'm moving to a different country this is bullshit and they know it opens the door i hope they 're given generic drugs when they 're in the hospital steps out and i hope they die of complications slams door shut
1	get this shit to the front page
2	unequal protection
6	what this decision is based on , and what it means is confusing why should generics have a duty to warn when primary does not ? clearly both should be obligated to provide such warnings that is the problem with three sentence abstracts of a court case you never really know what they mean or what they apply to
1	then stop taking them !
8	it appears that primary manufacturers still have to provide warnings of side effects if you do n't know the brand equivalent of your generic medicine , then you 're simply a fucking ignorant patient know what you put in your body simple as that
2	i mean you already have a bad finger , what else could go wrong
2	eric ca n't or wo n't come up with a solution
5	i was trying to make a pun guess i failed
3	as a former usps worker , i hope not that is the most fucked up company agency ever the unions are so strong that they are strangling the company dry of revenue you have people who intentionally walk slower so that they get more hours ( time and a half after <> hours , double pay after <> ) these people scream and yell at supervisors and get away with murder many of the clerks work super slowly one trick of the trade is to go to the doctor and have him put a lifting restriction on you that way , you do n't have to lift anything over that weight oh , and if a temporary employee makes more hours than a " regular " union employee , the union employee gets paid for the difference in time
3	about time !
8	we need photo id for a lot of important transactions we need it to vote even mexico requires photo id this will get over ridden , just like the budget first rethug leg in <> year in nc , they 're gonna do thing different she 's a decent gov , imo , but i think she is missing it here
4	awesome post ! that was my thesis
4	good for her those laws are racist bullshit
4	it 's cute that you think that
8	if anyone 's a good advocate for mary jane , spiderman is just look what happens any time anyone touches his mary jane
5	spiderman is actually involved with some legal trouble http www movies com movie news tobey maguire underground poker <>
2	something something universal health care , something something national socialism , something something , progressive taxation , something something homosexuals in the sa
8	of course the irony of the situation will be totally lost on him
8	his grand father died in auschwitz he fell from a watching tower
6	hm , a rise to power through propaganda and scapegoating remind you of anything ?
1	spoiler alert obama did it van jones and george soros helped
6	which terrorist ?
6	if the tsa finds it is appropriate that adults need to subjugate themselves to overly invasive procedures because of some ' terrible evil ' , but not kids , does the ' terrorist ' really give a shit if its a kid or an adult ?
2	ramussen is the humorless version of the onion
4	it 's a sunny , woodsy day in lumberton , so get those chainsaws out this is the mighty w o o d , the musical voice of lumberton at the sound of the falling tree , it 's <> <> there 's a whole lotta wood waitin ' out there , so let 's get goin '
6	are you telling me that mitch mcconnell is n't a serious politician ?
2	all politicians are actors in the theatrical sense
6	are you telling me that mitch mcconnell is n't a hypocrite ?
2	jpi claims the private industry hasn t merely responded to the nation s incarceration woes , it has actively sought to create the market conditions ( ie more prisoners ) necessary to expand its business darn straight they would be doing that if you privatize prisons , you 're effectively telling them that they are businesses now and what 's important to a business ? making as much profit as possible and how do you go about doing that ? doing more with less , gaining new customers , or research and development for either of those two so long as there 's a profit motive , privatized businesses are going to want more people in prison , not less , as it 's the easiest fix for their bottom lines as such , privatization schemes for things like this are downright absurd , as they encourage the sort of behavior in which you are n't wanting in the first place
6	i thought diggers were the only one who thought they could get ron paul into office apparently the same retards have ported over here
2	yeah it sucks many people fled digg after the ron paul spam propaganda came to town it is heating up here again with their nonsense spam
2	has less to do with current , and more to do with the stupid james thurber readings
6	what difference would annual limits on purchases make ? that seems unreasonable not like any of it seems reasonable , but would we be safer if we made a law that only allowed people with dui 's to buy one car a year ?
8	that reminds me of a line in an old movie about race relations " did they promise you any white women , boy ? " a white southern cop asks a black man arrested for some crime connected to northern civil rights activism i forget the movie ( and maybe i got the context wrong ) , but i will always remember that line
6	which is why his mom is one ?
1	once again , another attempt to curb piracy that will only piss of costumers i'm pretty sure comcast and at & t will be all over this , not so sure about the others
6	see the common greeks taking to the streets
5	and world 's poorest are less informed , less concerned and more apathetic than ever before so it 's a win win situation the rich get disgustingly and absurdly richer the poor get to wallow around in their ignorance , apathy and misery sounds about right
8	yet whenever someone cautiously mumbles something about " socialized medicine " or , in some cases , the simple right to collectively bargain as under a socialist system , he or she is labeled un american and criticized harshly
1	typical liberal media bias making up lies and fake data to go against america it 's all liessssssss s
2	yoo should die from choking on his own vomit preferably , today
1	right media ethics has gone out the window over the past <> years , but that 's because it is a business and this is what they think is a more profitable business model , pandering bullshit and sensationalism gets them higher ratings than investigative journalism and rational thought
6	wow they 're really terrified of him becoming popular
2	not that it will do any good , but i did send a complaint to cnn
8	the article also has more text about mitt romney , who is n't even participating
8	the " leadership " at cnn obviously hate ron paul they bad mouth and ignore him every chance they get ron paul is the only republican who can beat obama , he should sue cnn
6	looks like it 's been fixed
6	at the same time cnn did a good interview with ron paul at their last rnc debate and he was the only one that was interviewed after what 's your game plan here cnn ?
1	what is wrong with cnn ? they use to be good and have been going downhill since they started l
8	that 's fine as long as the watchers of cnn know their opinions are being manipulated
1	you obviously have no clue how law suits work they have no legal obligation to cover him , mention his name , show his picture anything if they want to ignore him , they have every " right " to
6	however , cossiga has stated that he sees <> <> conspiracy theories as impossible and ideologically motivated in september <>
1	for the record http php about com od finishedphp1 ss simple poll php htm <> indisputable vote altering any goddamn monkey who took middle school algebra could set this up you have to take the total for each option , and divide it by the sum of all three options that is clearly not what 's happening here
1	of course it should be , but it 's no the only issue , or even the most important issue it 's a reform meant to politically buy off the short sighted our country is in multiple wars , and at war with libya illegally ( in violation of the war powers act ) millions are unemployed while corporations sit on trillions in cash and refuse to hire the bush tax cuts were extended <> weeks before obama told us that there was no money for social programs or public education school loan debt has surpassed credit card debt , as the new generations find their hopes and dreams tied to the banks and other financial institutions intelligence agencies routinely violate our constitutional rights , of which facebook is the poster child as it cache 's our personal information and sells it to the highest bidder ( or even gives it away freely to the government , avoiding legislative and judicial hurdles required for the cia and fbi to do it ) the gulf of mexico ecosystem is in ruins fukushima reactors poison our planet with cesium and will for decades or centuries record food prices have created conditions of starvation in the poorest parts of the world and you 're telling me i should be happy that we might get official permission to smoke weed ? fuck official permission we have to ask ourselves what kind of world we 'll be living in in <> , <> , or <> years from now marijuana reform is not the significant question of our time , the confrontation and overthrow of capitalism by the masses is the question of our time
5	turns out it 's just broken , or as i'm told <> <> <>
5	do n't you guys think this is a kind of biased poll ? i mean the people that are going to be linked to the poll are going to be the ones highly favoring its legalization
5	so much for representative democracy
5	i was so high i accidentally voted no i 'll just assume the other <> did the same
6	woah , one of the few links that includes barney frank in the title
6	no <> yes <> medical only <> ( <> votes ) wait , what ?
1	the fuck is wrong with that poll ? edit rigging still in effect at over <> , <> votes no <> yes <> for medical reasons only <> total votes <>
1	as if it matters , its still an overwhelming majority ok , so why is it still illegal ? btw , they had taken the poll down altogether by the time i got there when they ignore public opinion , it matters
2	what you need to write is this ? php mysql connect ( " localhost " , " username " , " password " ) or die ( mysql error ( ) ) que mysql query ( " select count ( <> ) from poll " ) or die ( mysql error ( ) ) option1 reset ( mysql fetch row ( que ) ) que mysql query ( " select count ( <> ) from poll " ) or die ( mysql error ( ) ) option2 reset ( mysql fetch row ( que ) ) que mysql query ( " select count ( <> ) from poll " ) or die ( mysql error ( ) ) option3 reset ( mysql fetch row ( que ) ) total option1 option2 option3 perc1 option1 total perc2 option2 total perc3 option3 total this is where you put in the code to make the nice bar graph ? and what they actually wrote is this ? php mysql query ( select option1 , option2 , option3 from faked poll results " ) or die ( mysql error ( ) ) this is where you put in the code to make the nice bar graph ? and then there 's a guy sitting there changing the numbers or who knows it could be faked in a lot of different ways , they 're sure not doing a very good job
6	a compelling argument ? start with seven of them ! ( http www saferchoice org content view <> <> crime ) brief , but they 've included sources so feel free to dig even deeper
1	are you crazy ? they 're completely different ! cannabis is much safer
1	you can die from too much alcohol no one has ever died from too much thc
2	afterwards ron paul will introduce a bill that will make all farts taste like ice cream ron like to eat his own farts and ice cream poor people ca n't have ice cream
2	http i imgur com ipive png this is probably vote altering in action not that it matters it 's just an internet poll but does n't this sort of shit happen all the time ? the other <> was dropped off due to " rounding " right ?
2	<> yes when i voted so is the government working for the people , or working the people ? btw i do n't smoke marijuana and voted yes
6	no <> yes <> for medical reasons only <> so what happened to the other <> ?
6	i just refreshed the poll where i last saw the yes at <> now the yes is <> , no <> , medical only <> somethings not adding up here
2	a poll ? on the internet ? reddit , you know what to do
6	should marijuana ever be legal ? no <> yes <> for medical reasons only <> total votes <> not a scientific survey results may not total <> due to rounding whoever wrote their rounding algorithm is stoned
2	when i voted it was <> no <> yes and <> for medical only totalling <> ? that makes no sense at all , even with ' rounding '
1	" should marijuana ever be legal ? " ? ? ? ? it 's already been legal nice question bias thrown in there
4	this is something all real conservatives and liberals can agree upon !
2	haha i clicked yes , saw the bar go up to <> yes , and then immediately it disappeared and said this poll is currenly unavailable please check back again later
6	not sure why you got downvoted this issue is apparently like religion to those who wish it to stay illegal
4	nah man he must be drunk i 've coded stoned before and got an a for it in uni
2	proof they are rigging the results http i imgur com pljsw png
1	why would they even bother having a poll ? what in the hell is the use ? they 're just going to come around again and say something stupid like " oh well i do n't know what kinda viewers we have on the internet , but " if you 're gonna have a poll , do n't ignore the results just because you do n't think its appropriate
8	well at least bipartisanship exists somewhere
4	he he <> yes
2	heroin , coke , and meth should be legal and sold in liquor stores to anyone over the age of <>
5	i yes 'd that poll so hard
4	thank you for a proper headline
6	what is the h r ? i ca n't find anything except for that h r <> introduced back in may <> <> by barney frank , but not wtih ron paul
2	there 's a rumour floating around that it 's just been rigged so it ca n't go above <>
1	" poll results not scientific , as the opinions of serfs do not matter "
2	its just an online poll its not representative of the whole country they ignore public opinion about much more important things politicians do n't care
6	what are they ( the pollsters ) smoking ?
6	i do n't smoke it either but until i hear a compelling argument about how its different than booze i do n't see why it should be treated any differently
5	i used to smoke , never enjoyed it all that much and have n't done it in about a year i think it 's ridiculous that people can go to jail over smoking , growing , or selling a plant
1	for that alone , i up voted you i myself do not smoke it but i find the whole idea of prohibition just completely mad ! yeah , hand control of an enormous industry worth billions to organised crime effin genius
6	also , that <> of the people voted for the " i like kittens " secret option
6	yes what if tootheless unemployed beer swilling rednecks stopped producing ? what if old medicare recipients stopped being captains of industry ? if conservatives " go galt " nothing will happen you fucktards do n't contribute anything anyway
5	the plot of rand s novel is simple , despite its length <> , <> pages in the current paperback edition the united states is governed by bureaucrats , looters and moochers , who penalize and demonize creative people the country is in decline because creative people are disappearing they have followed the innovative john galt to a mountain enclave , galt s gulch , where they watch society crumble creativity has gone on strike ( the working title of the novel was the strike ) , and the engine of capitalism cannot run without it oh for the simple times where the us was n't mixed in the web of global trade and politics
1	http farm4 static flickr com <> <> fc2c517522 o jpg never forget how useless you are
1	what a keen , insightful , analysis the whirling wind that you spew is both meaningless and juvenile take your fisher price keyboard and go have a nappie
2	dr alan sabrosky must be a real treat to talk to at a party until my eyelids shut and i start snoring
4	hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah good one !
5	though labled as a jewish state i would beg to differ judaism and more importantly zionism have bastardized the religion into means for a theocratic regime there are many , many jews that do not support israel and it 's policies equating jew with loving israel is erroneous at best and intellectual dubious at worst
1	just curious as to why i was downvoted i would rather engage in a rational discussion but the op is adamant that anyone that makes a point that challenges him is jewlove blind
4	making light of a serious issue is a good strategy guess you 're just a " jewlove blind american " right ? hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah thought i had you pegged ! guess not ! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahaahahahaahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahohwaithahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahah
8	thanks i try guess im just a " jewlove blind american "
4	nice editorializing on the headline , karma whore
6	how many times would the entire food stamp program fit into the pentagon budget ?
2	it 's so clear now that i see all the evidence in one place you 're a moron
6	because it 's only the conservative justices doing this , right ?
5	sadly accurate
3	i think that this does have an important bearing on social issues but i think the underlying point of this article is even more important when it comes to financial issues we as a country need to recognize that we have to make a compromise somewhere we need to both increase revenue and decrease spending trouble is about <> <> of the budget is non discretionary spending made up of <> components <> military <> social security <> medicare medicaid its time to end tax cuts its time to end huge farm subsidies its time to reduce the size of the military its time to make tough choices
2	guess the farmers and the markets will have to raise the price on suppressed wages
5	no , looks more likely they will raise the price of food
8	do not harm others do not do harm to them no one harm anyone else things will be peaceful
8	agreed we have been supporting a suppressed market all around
2	when he does n't have to worry about re election ? i think he 'll be much less conservative presidents always get more stuff done in their second term , when they no longer have to keep the independent voters happy
3	but not marriage do n't forget that part
2	the had it long enough to change the rules , and did not , because they wanted to be able to turn around and filibuster when they were next in the minority
8	marriage as defined between two people , i am also not religious & would have a nonreligious ceremony whenever i get married my opinion is that there should be a difference between religious marriages , for those who want them , and a nonsecular marriages in that if certain religious officiants did n't want to participate in same sex marriages , they would n't have to , so that they might not be so against it point being , to call it all " marriage " & let the couples decide if they want it religious or not
1	so , if marriage is only about the offspring , i guess we ca n't let old people or infertile couples get married right ? and we 'll have to start fertility testing couples before they get married basically , your opinion comes down to not letting them have equal rights ( and do keep in mind they pay for some of these rights in taxes just like you do ) , because they 're icky by your standards none of your last bit has anything to do with biology or right to marriage some has to do with social issues that need to be dealt with i find it really funny people like you cite the whole disease thing , because we do n't use physical fitness as a measure of whether someone can get married , and you lot seem to think that if people can make legally binding relationships , where cheating is generally discouraged on a societal level , that it 'll spread more disease can you not see that this opinion is constructed with very poor logic ? and apparently , since you 're rolling out the lisp and clothing styles , we 're to judge people based on stereotypes ? i 've met plenty of gay men who do n't conform to any of that , same for lesbians and the way people talk and dress has nothing to do with their ability to get married nudists marry , people who wear god awful clothing from the <> 's marry , hell , even hipsters can get married ! who the hell cares what kind of clothes people wear ? you 're talking about how a group of people should n't have rights because you find that group of people gross , and now you 're complaining about being downvoted in an extremely passive aggressive manner because people do n't share your opinion that seems reasonable oh and the ad hominem at the end was just spiffy nice parting shot really
4	it 's pretty exciting having a triangulating president like clinton or obama , is n't it ? i never know if he 's selling us up the river because he 's against the progressive agenda or because he 's trying to appease the swing voters did he throw us under the bus because of moral conviction or because he wants to win the election ? who can say ? !
2	which they never had for any extended period of time
6	as much as i ca n't stand the republican party at times , i find them the lesser of the two evils i find they are a bit more grounded , at least for the time being , in reality a pox on both their houses
2	reading is hard clearly , as the citation you asked for , the filibuster proof majority , has nothing to do with the simple majority required for a rules change of which i spoke
1	i blame them both but then the whole discussion on why you should choose the lesser of two evils erupts and i lose interest
1	uh huh , anyone who opposes obama 's policies is " racist " never heard that one before
2	i disagree i think voting for the lesser evil because you think a decent candidate will lose is the cowards way out and why we are in this mess to begin with in short , we will continue to fail as a nation because we are too spineless to fight for what is right
4	also , i think other states agree to recognize any marriage that a recognized political entity recognizes ( or maybe just other states ) this is why if you get married in las vegas , you can still go to north dakota and be considered married my uncle and aunt were married in ireland but are considered married in texas
1	so we should allow parties a and b to shut us down because that is the way they want it ? fuck a whole bunch of that i wont vote for democrats or republicans if that means i lose so be it at least i chose what was right instead of continuing to allow them to think we care about or need them
6	i do n't know about them but what do you think about the grass roots tau party ?
6	in plenty of interviews , he said he believed in civil unions that are remarkably similar to marriage , but not marriage itself however , he may have certainly changed his mind recently
1	not only priority , i say just fuck the term marriage marriage is a religious term right ? like getting married is all about going to the church and getting a priest to say stuff about how god approves is that what gays are fighting for ? approval of god ?
1	not only priority , i say just fuck the term marriage marriage is a religious term right ? like getting married is all about going to the church and getting a priest to say stuff about how god approves is that what gays are fighting for ? approval of god ?
4	i call bs he was for it back in the <> 's when he was in state politics in chicago , but he shifted his stance when he moved into the national spotlight it 's sad really the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic , and he did n't want to piss either off too much despite finding this entire thing annoying , i still think he 's been overall fairly good with lgbt rights and he 's a good enough politician to sense when the political winds shift in a few years , when support increases even further , he 'll have an " evolution " and be all for it
8	i do n't see him doing anything to make it illegal for you to call your partnership a marriage
4	i call bs he was for it back in the <> 's when he was in state politics in chicago , but he shifted his stance when he moved into the national spotlight it 's sad really the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic , and he did n't want to piss either off too much despite finding this entire thing annoying , i still think he 's been overall fairly good with lgbt rights and he 's a good enough politician to sense when the political winds shift in a few years , when support increases even further , he 'll have an " evolution " and be all for it
1	' cause there 's no way to get to the end of that sentence without saying that homosexual love is something less than heterosexual love and watching you trip all over it makes me want to hit you on the head with liberace matthew perry , studio <> on the sunset strip
2	civil rights , unless you 're a white straight male , have n't been won easily for anyone as a white male who is married to a black woman , i disagree people like myself , too , had to fight for against anti miscegenation laws of the jim crow period prior to <> i could n't have married the love of my life
1	how would that even work , though ? when two things are exactly the same , you call them the same on top of it all gay people are n't going to go around saying " yeah , we got civil unioned ! " they 're going to say " we got married ! " all the sane people are going to use the m word too the bigots are n't going to call it marriage , but would they anyway ?
6	so it 's a separate , but equal institution ? man , where have i heard that before
2	so when he comes to visit he can use the colored toilet out back because it 's " remarkably similar " to the toilet inside the house , but not the nice , clean , white people 's toilet itself oh , but that is n't a fair comparison , is it ? because being told where to take a crap is an issue worth marching in the streets for because being told you ca n't sit at the lunch counter is so offensive that it 's worth a bunch of white kids coming down from the north to help protest the issue because being told you ca n't drink out of a water fountain is an issue worth dying over but being told you ca n't marry your life long partner ? no big deal being told you ca n't visit your dying second class civil unified but not spouse in the hospital ? just an inconvenience get over it
2	this is exactly what should be employed in the us i always found it ridiculous that the religious institution of marriage had any legal status i doubt this will happen the only way we 'll achieve equality is by allowing gay people to marry
8	while it is correct that " marriage " still does require a separate action to gain status for same sex couples , some of the exact same issues that exist in the us exist in germany adoption rules , insemination is hugely difficult for couples to obtain , as well as insurance , inheritance , and tax laws a good summary of what advocacy groups in germany point out is linked to below here http lib ohchr org hrbodies upr documents session4 de ilga deu upr s4 <> ilga etal joint pdf
2	i am a christian , and believe homosexuality is a sin i believe everybody should have civil unions , and there should be no legal recognition for marriage this entire debacle is because of marriage having anything to do with the state
6	curious as to what stops people from taking advantage of this though what stops <> same gender roomates from filing for a civil union just to get tax breaks and benefits ?
7	did n't seem to be such a huge problem for loving v virginia of course , back then supreme court justices upheld the constitution
6	that 's very interesting ( and depressing ) do you know if the kentucky amendment has ever been challenged as unconstitutional on the federal level ? from what i recall , the supreme court seems to be ok with reserving " marriage " to hetero couples , but is very uncomfortable with anything preventing people from enjoying equal rights
6	just like restrooms ?
6	just like restrooms ?
2	technically what it comes down to is shared property and property is taxed also , the " tax breaks " are only for some people and it 's entirely based on the combined income some people pay more when they get married , some people pay less , some people pay about the same the only really unfair thing about marriage is that specific government employees get paid more for being married and those would be people serving in the armed forces and obviously gays in the military could not get married , so that would be the most unfair area
6	the right to marry , maybe ?
2	so after congress passes a bill that the obama administration was heavily lobbying for and was immediately signed into law , that 's " too little too late ? " by your standard , no president deserves credit for any legislation passed during their term
7	i do n't think so you 'll never see gay marriage go one way or another for a long , long time the same as abortion if it were so , the democrats and republicans would lose these excellent non issues they like to use to draw in voters who support meaningless social issues over the health of the economy that is , the health of everyone , not just a small niche
6	ron paul also believes that the first amendment is there to guarantee your right to practice your christian religion in the public square ( http transcripts cnn com transcripts <> <> se <> html ) , and has nothing to do with separation of church and state king congressman paul , does faith have a role in these public issues , the public square , or is it a personal issue at your home and in your church ? paul i think faith has something to do with the character of the people that represent us , and law should have a moral fiber to it and our leaders should we should n't expect us to try to change morality you ca n't teach people how to be moral but the constitution addresses this by saying literally , it says no theocracy but it does n't talk about church and state the most important thing is the first amendment congress shall write no laws which means congress should never prohibit the expression of your christian faith in a public place
2	keep in mind whatever he does it will always be subject to political expediency remember he directed the doj to oppose a legal challenge to do n't ask , do n't tell by the logcabin republicans so he could get the measure , which had bipartisan support , to pass in congress clearly repealing do n't ask do n't tell is a good cause , but an even better cause is repealing it and getting part of the credit
2	it 's all talk until he starts pushing for legislation and signs on the bottom line
2	he did that on purpose because his orders could be recinded by a future president he wanted a more permanent solution i know this because he said so
2	he did that on purpose because his orders could be recinded by a future president he wanted a more permanent solution i know this because he said so
1	" he 's not a man he 's not even a doll " swami rama dama ding dong
7	ron paul gay people are individuals , individuals have rights what more do you need ron paul does n't like gay people , but realized that before their sexuality comes their individuality , and that carry 's with it the right to live your life as you see fit , not as he or the government see 's fit that 's why , ron paul is the smart choice just like chiffon
8	so do single people
4	my decision to vote for him again is still evolving
4	i think if he gets re elected , he 'll come out in favor of gay marriage
1	it 's all bullshit because the campaign is winding up again lies , lies , lies
1	then fucking do something about it
1	soooooooooooo many people on here making excuses for the guy he said everything possible he could short of calling for " marriage " that 's pathetic just move to legalize it and american 's short attention span will forget about it before the <> election they 'll be more worried about <> <> gallon petrol to worry about homosexual marriage just legalize it already !
5	yeah , this is what really bothers me and , like you , i lose interest
2	it 's called full faith and credit ( http en wikipedia org wiki full faith and credit clause ) and it should do what you suggest unfortunately the defense of marriage act ( and similar state laws ) explicitly deny this constitutionally protected right and while obama will not defend the act it is still the law of the land until it can be struck down as unconstitutional or repealed by congress
3	bravery and cowardice have nothing to do with it choose to be realistic and effective we are in this mess , because a lot of people do n't agree with our views if redditors formed the whole electorate , the ' broken system ' would start putting forth a lot of positive change be a tough guy in the democratic primary instead of hiding your head in the sand and voting green third parties do n't work here and it 's far easier to shift the democrats left rather than overhaul the whole system , which would n't happen without a legislative supermajority anyway
6	how do you get that from what i said ? you can oppose his policies but if the opposition is not based on rationality , evidence , and some basis in reality then i get to call you a racist in this case some fuck hates obama for doing exactly what he said he would do in this case obama made a perfectly well reasoned argument for why he chose the approach he did and it makes perfect sense
8	the issue is the " validated by the state " part that 's what the whole fight is about the state should n't have to validate a contract for it to be enforceable the state should n't have to validate a private marriage contract anyway , i tend to agree with your point on equal protection under the law since government benefits are associated with these licenses but when you compare ron paul 's position , which is get government out of the equation , and obama 's position which is some kind of government mandated separate but equal status , i think ron paul 's position is much more favorable for equality
4	i feel the same way , & i 'd vote for the person who shares my beliefs , whichever party they belong to ( dems & repubs will always win , due to a majority of people voting for those two ) i was just stating that neither dems or repub would be likely to openly state that , but if one did , that would be the person i 'd vote for , providing i also shared their other beliefs if a minority party candidate best represented me , i 'd vote for them
8	they 're the enthusiasts of party a who want to take its masters and move in a dangerous direction for it they themselves are controlled by big business who want to gain more control over party a
2	i do n't believe that political parties should exist , and in the constitution , it never mentions what to do with them the structure of the congress as it exists today is a result of the bipartisan system from jefferson to jackson , there was really only one party the federalists were a joke it took brave souls to form the whigs to counter the democrats , and that eventually became the corrupt gop the democrats later became liberals , but that does n't mean they 're not corrupt
1	correction gay couples have same rights as all the issue is if the government will recognize them
6	he pushed for " do n't ask , do n't tell " to be repealed successfully i do n't understand what you are talking about can you explain more ?
2	well , no one believes them , but it 's not about whether you truly believe it , it 's about whether you vote for party a or party b
4	i'm just glad these children were here today to witness this display of authentic frontier gibberish
1	his actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article i'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the dadt policy is secretly plotting some anti homosexual agenda
1	his actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article i'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the dadt policy is secretly plotting some anti homosexual agenda
6	ignoring them like he did when he pushed for the repeal of dadt or stopped defending doma ?
1	his actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article i'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the dadt policy is secretly plotting some anti homosexual agenda
1	i got civil unionated in vermont ( which to dissolve requires one of us to live in vermont for a whole year ) to my ex husband we moved to the uk ( he 's a uk national ) i came back and moved to colorado i swear to hastur that i have to stare at any form asking my marital status for about half an hour before i figure out that i'm single legally speaking immigration and doma make things really confusing and kind of dumb
8	if a unioned gay couple from another country ( let 's just use canada as an example ) tried to move to the us , then yes , their marriage would not be accepted same if a couple from iowa tried to move to nebraska , i 'd imagine nebraska does n't recognize homosexual marriage , so the marriage would be invalid that 's just what i understand , but i have n't brushed up on the subject too much recently
1	so if obama magically takes control of the legislative branch and declares that gay marriage is now a constitutionally protected right you 'll belittle the accomplishment by saying it 's nothing because it should n't have been prohibited in the first place ? are you fucking serious ?
4	very good point
3	they do when you have enough votes to eliminate filibuster and choose not to
5	oh , absolutely but , my point is there is no " sides " if you had just mentioned your conservative views without degrading a particular party , i just feel that carries more weight but , i concede that you are indeed correct in the marvelously logical world of commenting there are talking point that can be used to grasp at the ear of the party you are reaching for i unfortunately , refuse to separate logical discussion from commenting i try with all my might to not allow ideology and emotion govern any of the topics i speak upon which makes sometimes for bored , and temperamental listeners but , long is the road
6	i know some people will never be happy with anything president obama does , but i 'd expect to see those folks on fox news
6	uh , yeah , that 's the point are you saying that because dadt was a bad law obama should n't get any credit for repealing it ? really ?
8	and this is different from republicans , how ? do n't blame all that on " democrats "
8	they also never technically controlled the senate , because those numbers always included joe lieberman as a " democrat " when he 's actually an independent ( the democrats kicked him out ) , and he 's really a republican representing israel
3	they do when you have enough votes to eliminate filibuster and choose not to
2	you can tell it 's election time again when he 's pro gay marriage rights i imagine he 'll downplay the deportations and start giving lip service to immigration reform again next
1	legally this whole issue would be over in a week if someone just asked " well lets give civil unions the same legal basis as we do marriages " done
6	that was his position during the <> elections however , he has said his views are " evolving " he has instructed the justice department to stop defending doma at this point , we just have to wait and see what his position will be in time for the <> elections
8	no one wants to force churches to marry homosexuals they want their civil marriage to be recognised by the state and legal with all the federal rights that come with it no , the contention here is expressly due to the demonstrably and patently wrong notion that religions alone own and can define marriage this has nothing to do with religious marriage , and everything to do with civil marriage that 's all that has ever been asked for some homosexuals may want their denominations to marry them , but that has n't been on any state or federal legislation and is certainly a pipedream , as it would be wrong to force churches to marry people they do not want to yes , it probably is n't a big deal to you , seeing as you do n't even have a working knowledge on the issue , but you know what is worse than " whiney " people wanting the same civil rights ? people who it does n't affect waving their privilege in your face saying it 's not a big deal and you 're just a <> minority so take the fucking backseat a right delayed is a right denied and you will not tell me how big of a deal it is for me
1	but they do n't even have the se rights as a same sex couple yet
6	same , but different i really do n't understand why he has this stance against gay marriage especially as a black man you think black people would see the plight of the gay 's and remember some things that happened in the <> 's
1	well , i actually think it makes sense for the term ' marriage ' to be scrapped in government it 's a religious term with religious connotations you should receive a state civil union license that allows you to share resources and binds you to the person for policies in short , gives you what marriage rights give people now can be used for any adult to bind to any other adult it would be a simple legal matter you sign paperwork , your partner signs paperwork , and that 's notarized and submitted to the state then if you want to get ' married ' in the eyes of religion , you need to follow the traditions of your chosen religion you could be married in a religious sense , but not have a civil union and vise versa you could be ' married ' to several people through the eyes of your religion , but only bound to a single one in the eyes of the state it makes sense and it takes religious connotations out of the law also , a minor could be ' married ' in the eyes of the religion , but have no state rights until a contract can be entered into in the eyes of a law
8	because it 's political suicide now it 's too polarizing an issue to be worth addressing , especially with an election coming up aside from that , his stance is utterly irrelvant , he 's not the one who decides that take that up with congress
2	oh he 's for it but being a politician and all , he 's publicly against it until he feels sure that it wo n't kill his ( or his party 's ) re election chances socially liberal states like maine and california only recently disapproved of gay marriage even if by narrow margins i think that the electoral map is still in the favor of the gop if he were to make a campaign issue of it which does nobody any good but that 'll change in time
8	do n't tell everyone , but i did say that in <> i have n't changed i'm still pro fiscal responsibility , and anti bullshit currently ron paul 's got my vote because no one can really say with any real weight that the man flip flops on much i may not agree with everything he says , but if we 're honest he 's the least full of bullshit of them all
4	oh good , i was worried someone might make a point without turning it into a meme thanks !
1	he wants to get re elected stance explained the coward
2	he said his own faith precludes it ( presidents have to kowtow to religious nuts ) , but that his own faith has nothing to do with policy
6	separate , but equal come on how can you miss that
6	he said it 's because of his religion so that must be true , right ?
6	separate , but equal come on how can you miss that
6	purely political reasons dan savage , i think , nails it ( http slog thestranger com slog archives <> <> <> barack obamas devolution on marriage equality ) before i risk publicly disagreeing with " some strategists " let me say with this i think the president should come out in support of marriage equality i think everyone should and i believe obama supported marriage equality in <> , and i think he supports it now but i also believe that barack obama will pay a political price a potentially determinative price if he endorses marriage equality before the <> election because republicans who support marriage equality are n't going to vote for barack obama in <> just because he came out for marriage equality but democrats who do n't support marriage equality are likely to vote against obama if he does obama 's team , i expect , realizes this ( they 're probably polling it as i type ) , and their mission is to get the president reelected our mission is to secure our full civil equality and i do n't see how a romney bachmann administration gets us closer to that goal the country is moving our way , time is on our side , and i expect that obama 's kabuki evolution will pick up a serious head of steam sometime in january of <> who knows ? the president could wind up evolving all the way back to <> andrew sullivan ( http andrewsullivan thedailybeast com <> <> obama to fake changing mind html ) and ezra klein ( http www washingtonpost com blogs ezra klein post change we can facilitate in <> <> <> agwy12fh blog html ? wprss ezra klein ) also have interesting thoughts building on that
8	honestly , probably because he has an election coming up , and he does n't want to support anything " too radical " until he knows he has a second term
2	he said he wants to give them " civil unions " that would give the exact same rights , then leave it up to churches to decide if they want to recognize it as a marriage or not essentially he says as president , it 's his job to focus on the legal rights and not get bogged down with semantics like if calling it a " civil union " is the same or worse than calling it a " marriage , " that as president , all he cares about is making sure the two groups have exactly the same rights http www youtube com watch ? v <> pe1mz8
2	because he wants to appeal to everyone walk around talking about gays " deserving the same rights " and the next day oppose gay marriage
3	it is n't only wall st that has big contributors that can influence politicians
2	he has n't talked much about this since the fundraisers <> years ago all bark , no bite
6	yahoo news eh ?
1	yeah obama ? well why do n't you do something about it !
1	fucking bullshit fuck i hate this country
6	what were those people yelling ?
6	did n't he veto the bill dealing with gay people and their stance with the army ? wtf ?
2	he has n't exactly been sitting on his ass http whatthefuckhasobamadonesofar com so long as we have a broken election system , and we have corporate mainstream media outlets as the majority , it 's either him in this next election or darth gop
3	if you want to make serious change , you 're going to need more than <> years to get it done the only problem with that is that people are impatient even if it 's not at the front of his mind for every decision he makes , obama still knows that he ca n't do anything too bad to damage his chances of re elections policies get reduced , arguments get lost , and politics is performed over action but what about in his second term ? he does n't need political support hell , he 's out of there in <> years even more so after his final mid terms whether it 's going to happen or not , the change he promised is the kind of change which has staunch opposition when re election and public support do n't matter , more can be done
1	' separate but equal ' was not just about school segregation , but the whole jim crow political philosophy designed to continually ostracize one class of citizen from the mainstream one of the great lessons we should take away from the civil rights struggle , as thurgood marshal helped to summarize in his historic case , was that ' separate but equal ' is never equal
8	if i had to choose between someone who reluctantly supports a somewhat prejudiced , but practical , solution to the problem or someone who i know has a revolutionary , paradigm changing philosophy , i choose the revolution to me , ron paul 's freedom perspective represents the true equality i know several gay people , including my brother , who feel the same way they do not want institutionalized and legislated second class status per obama but i understand and respect your argument neither one is perfect on this issue i just think ron paul is better ( and right on a bunch of other shit too )
6	you mean like making smug sarcastic replies to perfectly valid posts ?
8	as opposed to a new bill law being vague or stating they have to or something it would have to be worded right or everyone would have their own interpretations
1	start putting non corrupt assholes on the ballot if you have the support what you call corruption is what a bunch of people who support the status quo call good policy there are leftist democrats who , if more numerous would <> nationalize healthcare <> let gays marry <> legalize marijuana <> raise taxes on the rich <> reduce military spending <> increase education funding <> enact progressive environmental policies problem is that a lot of americans do n't want those things they want their hamburger and gas cheap as fuck they do n't want to pay taxes on their huge suburban houses they want to sit in front of the tv while they eat themselves into the hospital and they do n't want to educate any kids to the point where they 'll be looked down on no third party is going to change that the average american voter likes the status quo because they do n't expect much out of life and resent their kids for thinking otherwise if people start wanting things to be different , it will be different right now they do n't want it they definitely do n't want it enough to form a leftist third party spontaneously
1	no , but by your argument of " biologically correct " you pretty much outright state that that 's the basis for marriage which would be really silly ah yay , another ad hominem and then run away ! whee ! i'm so impressed by your rhetoric skills here
8	which is why they should have had more of a separation of church & state we can have freedom of religion , sure , but we also need freedom from religion if it is holding back progress to ensure everyone is treated fairly
2	i think it 's being down voted because of obama clearly has no conviction behind what he 's saying he 's just a politician pandering to a movement that 's gained enough momentum to for him to come out and tag his name onto it without too much risk of backlash why does n't he come out and say " and i believe in gay marraige " ? because he 's simultaneously covering his further right votes he looks lost in the speech cause he does n't want to give too much to either side
2	since being elected , he 's gotten dadt repealed , wo n't defend doma in court , and declared june as lgbt month he may even endorse legalizing same sex marriage ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> us politics <> html ? r <> & pagewanted all ) the white house would not comment on whether mr obama was ready to endorse same sex marriage but one democratic strategist close to the white house , speaking only on the condition of anonymity , said some senior advisers are looking at the tactics of how this might be done if the president chose to do it
8	it 's not an issue of " separate but equal " marriage has a religious definition and connotation to it by removing the word " marriage " , you remove the controversy most people who hate gays ( er hate gay marriage ) trend towards religious , christian , conservatives they are framing marriage as something more than a legally binding relationship letting gay people get married challenges the sanctity of their marriage gay people typically do n't want to get " married " since most churches condemn them anyway they want to enter a legally binding relationship that gives them the same benefits that heterosexual people enjoy with their marriage i'm not saying this is obama 's viewpoint , but the word " marriage " is the crux of the gay marriage argument
1	no no no it was founded on the belief that white male landowners were all created equal , silly
1	exactly , nothing he is saying has any substance to speak of it 's all just fluffy bullshit
2	i think he 'll have mega balls in a <> term with nothing to lose
6	i see a pattern here
2	he has never actually said that he is pro gay marriage to say that gays deserve the same rights as straights dances around the issue he wants to sound pro gay marriage without actually being it
6	prove that marriage is solely a religious construct and tell me which religion in particular owns it
1	bull shit first , note that over a dozen states have explicitly amended their constitution to prohibit not only gay marriage , but also any sort of gay civil union ( source ) ( http en wikipedia org wiki same sex marriage law in the united states by state ) fucking homophobes are n't willing to give gays any legal recognition , even without that " sacred " word " marriage " tied to it secondly , people do n't want their marriage to be " more than a legally binding relationship , " ( emphasis mine ) or else they would n't care so much about what the law says they want a legally binding relationship that people they hate ca n't legally have they want the government to explicitly maintain their status as the " haves " through bigoted legislation if you and your wife want to have a " special relationship , " that 's on you do n't demand that the government enforce its specialness at the expense of other people 's rights
1	no , it would be like rain on your wedding day
6	okay , right off the bat , define " biologically correct sex " because here 's the problem as far as we can tell , there 's nothing " incorrect " about homosexuality the only ones who seem to have a problem with it tend to base this opinion on bronze age mythology of various sorts we live in the <> century welcome to it to further , what do you do with the occasional intersexed person ? or are they just not allowed to marry because their genitals are configured differently on occasion ? are we basing this on chromosomes or genitals possessed for that matter ? because no one has ever had it demanded of them that they expose their genitals or chromosomes just to be sure in these cases if the person is really male or really female next , yes , they do differ on levels besides their sexual preference mostly in how they are treated by law heterosexuals can create partnerships with people who are of the sex they would like to they can have each other on their taxes , on insurance one partner can help another immigrate to this country heterosexuals can see their partner in the hospital , make health decisions for them should that partner not be able to if a partner dies , a married heterosexual gets the partner 's property without court battle or need of larger legal documentation in a heterosexual relationship if one partner dies while in the army their spouse gets supported all of this is denied homosexual couples , and for no good , intellectually honest reason marriage is a legal contract there may be religious connotation , but by that argument atheists could n't marry either we do n't need to see what genitals people possess to sign a legal contract of any other sort , and i really do n't see why we need to the government has a responsibility to protect us from gay marriage ? excuse me ? exactly what horrors is gay marriage going to unleash ? or is this just going to break into the usual slippery slope fallacy right off the bat ? homosexuals vote , pay taxes , pay for some of the privileges enjoyed by married heterosexual couples they not only serve in our military but had to fight for the right to do so it 's just as much their country as it is yours you should treat them like it
1	oh look , another person that has an opinion , and when someone else shares their differing opinion , they insult the intelligence of that person note that i did n't stoop to calling your opinions " stupid " i understand that you have your own beliefs , & i have mine imho , for it to truly be " equal " in every sense of the word , they would have to make it so that any person , gay or straight , could marry whomever they choose and all the same laws and benefits would apply to those unions
1	r politics is no place for irony !
4	agreed , he did more for the environment than clinton , bush or obama
4	agreed , he did more for the environment than clinton , bush or obama
6	maybe he 's an apiarist ?
4	i think he was trying to be funny
1	cuz the little baby jesus sez so !
5	do n't bother you ca n't change peoples minds you have to let hate , and non science work its way out eventually , through generational change it will history has shown that humans only suppress what they fear for limited amounts of time ( biologically speaking ) eventually , these people and their ideas will die out maybe , you and i would n't be around to see it but , they will eventually with logical progress comes a lack of fear derived from ignorance
4	you people are hilarious athymia , homosexual marriage is patently unequal to heterosexual marriage get over it
4	that 's like saying as a woman i want to be referred to as a man , because i want the same rights as the man lol that 's retarted
8	not even all christians are anti gay here in canada the largest denomination is the united church , which is very gay friendly and was a part of how it became recognised here
6	wow , he repealed a law that should have never existed
1	i think you may be confusing the art of great writing with the art of posting had i begun with " wise up my fellow center right and even far right friends " i would have lost democrats who wo n't listen to anything a republican has to say , and republicans who immediatly disagree with anything you have to say that is contrary to their world view both sides need a kick in the ass
6	would n't it be an utter travesty if the first black president lost re election because he lost the black vote as a result of his support for expanding civil rights to people ?
1	nixon also created the epa ! otherwise , though , he was a douchebag
2	but you do n't understand , this is so totally different because people are n't being discriminated against just because of who they are oh wait they are
2	black man alive when separate but equal existed for blacks black man becomes president black man supports separate but equal for gays sane people shit themselves in disbelief at stupidity of aforementioned black man start making excuses for him so as not to appear racist cycle continues nothing to see here
2	my solution is removing the word marriage from any federal legislation if two consenting adults want to commit to each other its a civil union let churches have the term marriage , there problem fixed , and people cant complain about defacing the institution of marriage
1	or , you know , politics the republicans ca n't say " see he ' s a gay supporting muslim socialist " if he hedges his bet like that
6	he thinks the term label " marriage " should be reserved for hetero couples i do n't know if he thinks that , or if it 's simply a political thing which does n't make it better it may in fact be worse , though i suppose if this is a technique for improving the equality of rights step by step , i guess it 's an approach that is worth trying
4	a small step is better than none at all
6	what are the people shouting that he responds to early in the video ? it sounds like the mumbled interjections from that one guy on blazing saddles
6	is it election season already ?
1	yeah , well kind of a meaningless platitude if you 're still dancing around the same sex marriage thing for fuck 's sake , just say it and get it over with playing the center on this issue is just embarrassing there is no middle ground on rights
1	obama gay couples deserve same rights as all , ( which ai n't much because i just resigned the patriot act bitches ! ! ! ! ! ! )
1	yeah , well kind of a meaningless platitude if you 're still dancing around the same sex marriage thing for fuck 's sake , just say it and get it over with playing the center on this issue is just embarrassing there is no middle ground on rights
6	please tell me we 're not going to fall for his election year lies again ? we 're better than that right reddit ?
6	if a civil unioned couple from another country moved to america , would it be completely unrecognised ? i'm guessing yes , but just wondering are gay couples in the states considered de facto at all ?
2	pandering to the homosexual community to get them to donate to his re election campaign so he can go back to ignoring them in his <> term
6	we all have the same right to get married to the biologically correct sex how is this not equal ?
4	good point another aspect of the amendment was that gay marriages from other states will not be recognized this is a clear violation of the full faith and credit clause but challenging it would be futile
6	why should n't they ? do they not live , eat , and struggle together ? in all technicality they are a partnership i think it would be a good way to encourage people to share living spaces with room mates by giving them some incentives like tax breaks ( since they 're helping to increase housing for others ) and certain other rights maybe there should be a few forms of civil union " permanent " civil unions for people who consider themselves married together and temporary civil unions for people who live together but do not share a romance
6	you need to brush up on your american history do n't you know what 's eparate but equal ' refers to ?
8	this is part of the " full faith and credit " part of the constitution states have been refusing , however , to support these no case has successfully challenged this yet , unfortunately
2	pointing out ( apparently ) ignorant remarks is not being an ' internet tough guy '
6	i certainly did n't miss it
5	exactly obama openly supports gay people and it 's not that obama does n't support gay marriage it 's that he is being careful about what he says it 's sad , but he has to play the political game too still , i 'd rather have someone like obama who 's heart is in the right place bachmann on the other hand says shit like this don t misunderstand i am not here bashing people who are homosexuals , who are lesbians , who are bisexual , who are transgender we need to have profound compassion for people who are dealing with the very real issue of sexual dysfunction in their life and sexual identity disorders senator michele bachmann , on homosexuality as a mental disorder , speaking at edwatch national education conference , november <> , <> source ( http thenewcivilrightsmovement com michele bachmanns top ten anti gay quotes politics <> <> <> <> )
5	i know and they should but people are getting too hung up on obama 's refusal to use the word " marriage "
6	is n't that what civil unions are , which obama says he supports ? it 's when the word " marriage " gets thrown around that things get complicated
3	not necessarily for example , in kentucky , the <> state constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage also bans any union that grants gay couples equivalent rights as a marriage i believe many other states have similar statutes unfortunately this will be a complex issue when we finally decide to address it because marriage has always been one of those things that the federal government let the states handle
6	separate but equal ?
2	in my opinion , obama 's stance against gay marriage is simply one of political expediency if he said he was for gay marriage , he might gain some pro gay marriage voters , but he 'd likely push an even greater number of homophobes to vote against him chances are that if someone is for gay marriage , they 're going to vote for obama regardless of whether he advocates for civil unions or gay marriage , so he does n't have a lot to gain i'm eager to see what his stance becomes after <> , assuming he 's reelected i think when he does n't have to worry about a campaign he will feel much more free to support social justice causes like gay marriage and ending the drug war even though he 's hesitant to endorse gay marriage , though , it 's a relief to hear a president state that his views can evolve , and are n't just based on some abstract principles
1	october <> , you would be downvoted to hell times have certainly changed you guys changed , why ca n't he ? btw , i do n't give a shit so do n't flag me for a fanboy not even american
1	he 's not pro gay marriage he 's pro civil unions he 's against gay marriage
1	thats like saying " women deserve the same rights as men " " but not a penis "
1	thats like saying " women deserve the same rights as men " " but not a penis "
8	okay let 's force churches to marry gays because civil unions are n't good enough , that ought to go well gay people deserve the same civil rights as everybody else but damn it if they are n't the whineyest minority around yes it 's time to vote me down now because i think the world has bigger problems than the perceived differences between civil unions and marriage for <> of the population the oceans are filled with poison , our political parties are waddling towards fascism and the world economy is crumbling , i personally do n't care what you call it when gay dudes hook up
2	i never understood why the media and public went after miss california for her gay marriage stance when obama and many elected officials have the exact same opinion beyond ridiculous
5	i think it was a buge step in the right direction tho i have a feeling he 'll through in the word marriage if once hes reelected so he doesnt have to worry about losing potential voters think we will see a completely different obama in his second term , at least i hope
5	cannot update this enough this was a pitiful , spineless performance by mr obama what makes it worse is that he tried to make jokes out of the fact that he 's too spineless to stick up for gays when it counts , and that makes them angry he was acting like he thought that was cute nice hope and change , guy
3	obama 's position right now is just a political calculation he 'll lose more voters than he will gain if he were to support gay marriage , because most people in favor of gay marriage already support him if he does n't change his stance after <> , then i'm completely on board with you
1	does n't say shit about marriage says " keep working till the law does n't treat committed couples who have been together for decades like they are strangers " why do our modern politicians not have any balls ?
1	straight people have the right to get married to a person they would like to legally protect ( medically , financially , etc ) , where as gay people do not how is that equal ? see what i did there ?
6	care to enlighten us as to why not , cockwart ?
5	i'm not trying to be an ass or anything , man but it 's " being " beeing is n't a word
8	so you know gay people are human , not dogs , right ?
2	you would think america would have learned its lesson about " separate but equal " arrangements
2	because he needs the black vote and the black vote occurs and is controlled by black ministers who oppose gay marriage because it is a sin in their religion obama is selling out one group of democrats and abandoning their principles in order to get a larger group of bloc voters that only cost <> per vote
2	democrats are spineless populist animals that think the other side will like them more and possibly vote for them if they cave on certain issues in reality obama is more conservative about social issues than even someone like nixon who openly supported abortion
5	separate but equal should be an abhorrent concept to americans by now
5	it 's more personal for him ( maybe religious ? ) he thinks the term label " marriage " should be reserved for hetero couples , but the legal rights should be granted to all couples he 's fine with gay couples being couples and doing what they want , but uncomfortable with extending the label there 's a recognition of the humanity and love in such relationships , but still some personal uneasiness it 's semantics with terminology while it 's a good thing to have equal treatment , there is still a good counter argument that restricting the word is a form of inequality and disrespect imo getting equal treatment should be the priority terms will follow civil rights , unless you 're a white straight male , have n't been won easily for anyone
2	what currently stops <> opposite gender people from doing the same ? nothing , other than social stigma
6	sorry for the off topic question , but i was wondering why do you believe homosexuality is a sin ? as a gay atheist i still ca n't figure this one out the only places in the bible were homosexuality is mentioned is leviticus ( which does n't state that it 's a sin , but rather commands believers to murder men who have sex with men ) and considering it also prohibits shellfish , tattooing and mixed fiber clothing it 's probably not accepted by most christians ( fulfillment of mosaic law blah , blah ) the other is paul , which <> is not a divine command , but some dude 's commentary and <> it also states that women are subservient to men and condones slavery do you accept all of paul and or leviticus as being applicable today and if not , why is the part about homosexuality ?
6	i think it 's more likely that obama was pretending to be against marriage equality three years ago , because he thought it would help him win his initial election you never know , though
6	the catholics adopted it as their term in the eighth century , how far back do you wanna go ?
8	also , let 's not forget that , for one reason or another , many african americans and hispanics are strongly democrat but anti gay
1	problem fucking solved once you can actually fucking do that and have it fucking mean the same fucking thing as a fucking marriage and not just a fucking rough approximation in some fucking areas but not fucking others
5	exactly i'm an atheist and hold that two people who so wish should be able to be together regardless neither of us want the other 's belief to influence their institutions as usual , separation of church and state is the right answer
8	i am christian and personally fine with separating the religious ceremony from the legal civil union that way churches can apply whatever limits and customs they want on their own services and the state can manage civil unions in the way they feel is best by the way in canada we have gay marriage and a marriage in a church is legally binding it is possible
8	i am christian and personally fine with separating the religious ceremony from the legal civil union that way churches can apply whatever limits and customs they want on their own services and the state can manage civil unions in the way they feel is best by the way in canada we have gay marriage and a marriage in a church is legally binding it is possible
1	uh , why the fuck are you abusing me ? i never said he was right , and it seems he may have certainly changed his mind recently
2	it was n't so long ago that women and black people had lesser rights , i do n't see why this country is so slow to give equal rights to everybody , when the country was founded on the belief that everyone is created equal & are guaranteed life liberty & pursuit of happiness
5	it 's okay sorry i lashed out a bit too <> ?
6	feel that god clearly designed the family ( man , woman , and children ) to reflect the triune nature , just as the church reflects the triune nature when we follow this design , we 're reflecting god through our family life does that mean you believe being a single parent is a sin ?
1	okay , when was that ? pretty sure religion and superstition run back pretty damn far
8	you 're not the only one ( http i imgur com qgauz jpg ) who 's frustrated by this
6	so all those who feel disenfranchised because he did n't bring the " hope and change " they thought he would should vote for him again because this time he will ? i know this question sounds trollish but i'm curious as to the reasoning
5	ah , i guess i view ' marriage ' as the religious one , and no one has yet come up with a word for a ' non religious union ' that suits my fancy
1	start i never made marriage and offspring exclusive i am done here i will hash out my opinions with boneheads elsewhere stop
4	no need to be dictator i just think it 's time to end the wars in iraq and afghanistan an opinion shared by the majority of the populace as well but hey , enjoy your democracy , and make sure to vote obama in <> , i'm sure he 'll get them out by <>
6	if certain religious officiants did n't want to participate in same sex marriages , they would n't have to this is the way it already is right ? priests agree to marry people , they 're not required
6	you used to just need two witnesses to get married , no priest , no ceremony , no church required the whole idea that marriage is a particularly religious thing is fairly recent if the catholic church can claim marriage as theirs , how come protestants , jews , hindus and the rest can get married and do n't have to have some lesser form of marriage ?
8	peace
6	it means that being single itself is a sin did mary and joseph have other kids ? were they triune ? did the apostles all get married and have kids ? is the word triune even in the bible ?
1	i do n't think so i think of it more along the lines of , " if you are going to do something , do it god 's way " single parents are awesome , and are deserving of respect
8	of course not i did n't mean to imply that " separate but equal " is truly equal my point is that separate but equal ( or , if you prefer , implicitly unequal ) is better than explicitly unequal if you 're granting someone extra rights , that 's a good thing even if things are n't completely equal yet
5	i was n't being intentionally rude to another person
6	marriage is just a word let the christians have their damn word as long as everyone gets treated the same , have the same rights and benefits , whats the big ' effin deal ?
1	what the fuck is society coming too its going down the drain ( obama is ruining this country
5	that is a solution i 've long thought about it , and yes , it could work i have nothing against it either however , marriage was originally a social cultural practice , not religious at all i 'd rather take back marriage marriage <> life
2	holy shot , who gives a fuck ? with the country falling to shambles economically , once again this dumbfuck debate will come up at the forefront to distract everyone from the important things enough of this horseshit with words it 's a fucking word , get you stupid union and say your married problem fucking solved
1	no they do not
8	alright already we get it beeing gay is okay
2	sure they should have the same rights as everyone else but that does n't include marriage it 's like saying dogs should have human rights an oxymoron
6	same , but different i really do n't understand why he has this stance against gay marriage
1	the best way to kill all of the idiocy is to simply remove all benefits of being married from our laws then who cares who marries who and why the problem is the benefits granted to those who are married and denied to others gays are only a subset of that group , so why should they be treated so damned special ?
2	that 's because he likes to tell you what you want to hear , but could actually give two shits about it all he cares about is his political career well that and turning bush policies up to <>
5	it 's sad really the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic , and he did n't want to piss either off too much while i agree that his position is sad , i think it has very little to do with the black community he is in no danger of losing the black vote or not motivating extremely high voter turnout in black communities it 's more that he fears losing votes of the white middle class swing voters ( many of whom are religious , yes ) if he goes too far out on the " liberal " branch
6	you do n't think his views have changed in <> <> years ?
5	if i had to guess i would say that this move is his attempt at a baby step and his <> view has n't changed but then again guessing is pretty worthless none the less , sometimes in politics you have to take what you can get at the expense of what you want
5	progressives did n't control any branch
6	are you unaware that dadt is still pentagon policy ?
6	is n't this entire thread about how we ca n't trust what he says ?
2	they had control of the senate long enough to pass a law eliminating the filibuster rule and chose not to
5	sorry he did get some things done he extended the patriot act , extended warrantless wiretapping , increased our presence in afghanistan , appointed goldman sachs lobbyists to oversee financial regulation , and appointed the former president of monsanto to oversee food safety so yeah , democrats are capable of doing something if it pleases their corporate masters
2	ignoring like he did when not pushing for repeal of doma , as he said he would in the <> campaign ignoring them like he did when he did defend doma until it was apparent that the defense would fail ignoring them like he did when he did not , as commander in chief of the armed forces , repeal dadt himself something within his authority
2	i remember vaguely he had more open support towards lgbt laws in the <> then in fear of collateral damage from congress slowed his stanced and in many instances with the dadt failed to support various cases of openly gay men or women applying to serve in the armed forces
1	seriously who down votes this ? their marriage is none of your damn business
5	being overly rude when simple discussion or debate would suffice is unnecessary
4	yes , i do obviously we 're not talking about school segregation here it 's an analogy my point is that if civil unions are given the same legal status as marriages , they 'll be a great step toward equality for gay couples
8	that was sort of my point some folks argue that everyone should have the exact same rights , privileges , etc no matter their gender i think for the most part , but there 's reasons i 'll get arrested if i walk into the women 's locker room women 's rooms also generally have more stalls , and no urinals they 're separate , but considered close enough to equal
1	yup , men 's restrooms are <> cleaner than women 's rooms had a restroom cleaning job for like <> weeks
1	yeah , i remember the <> election fucking depressing but even if <> of kentucky voters are in favor of it , all it takes is one couple that 's against it and wants to put forth the effort to challenge it ( which is no small thing being a test case can be really tough ) they might lose on the state level , but could keep appealing until they get to the supreme court if the supreme court says the amendment is unconstitutional , then there 's nothing anyone in kentucky can do about it this is one thing that people complaining about " activist judges " miss it 's the job of the judicial branch to protect the minority from the majority this has been shown time and again e g brown v board of education , loving v virginia , lawrence v texas each of those cases involved a state law that had been passed by a majority vote of some kind , and in each case the supreme court struck down the law as unconstitutional to protect the rights of the minority it 's not " activist , " it 's just doing their job
5	first , thanks very much for the off topic question , primarly because it did n't consist of , " omfg you are such a bigot ! " you actually seem like you want an honest answer unfortunately , about to head out so the best i can do is sum up and would be more than happy to elaborate further if necessary a lot of this stuff comes down to large cans of worms in and of themselves , so i 'll try my best to be terse " short " answer <> ) old testament law is not gone because it 's in the old testament jesus clearly said he came to " fulfill the law , not abolish it " there is no biblical reason to assume something is invalid simply because of where it is in the bible paul ( like in romans ) clearly affirms that this command is still the case <> ) that does n't mean everything is automatically valid there is a good portion of levitical law etc that is not applicable , for example , due to being in reference to sacrifice the temple etc ie you ca n't come to pray unless you slaughter a dove you do n't need to be " ceremonially clean " , which was only temporary to begin with , because jesus has paid that sacrifice as far as ot interpretation among christians goes , this all too often comes down to cherry picking what they feel is appropriate , which is very unfortunate i think that while the ot is looked at is strict , the nt is actually more strict in a lot of ways ie instead of retribution , give your enemies better than they deserve ultimately , while i think because god said so is fine , i think the biggest thing people ( christians included ) tend to miss on a lot of things is why things are a sin god 's laws are not arbitrary he commands us to be like him ie he tells us to tell the truth because he tells the truth we are commanded to forgive because he forgives if you go a bit deeper , the most important command is to love god and when you reflect one of god 's qualities , you are reflecting love for him both through obedience and imitation so , if i had to guess ( and that 's exactly what this is ) why i feel god wrote that homosexuality is wrong , i would say this i feel that god clearly designed the family ( man , woman , and children ) to reflect the triune nature , just as the church reflects the triune nature when we follow this design , we 're reflecting god through our family life hope that helps somewhat to explain how i feel on the matter unfortunately , the most honest answer for most christians would be , " because my church says so " please let me know if anything there is unclear or could be further elaborated !
4	did n't mean to point the finger at you in fact i assumed you disagree with " separate but equal " and i upvoted you here , i 'll upvote you again it seems he may have certainly changed his mind recently it 's hard to tell
5	that 's a different issue even when the democrats had <> senators there were never <> " in support of breaking a filibuster " so that 's not the same standard the question is what the democrats could have done , not what they did do of course they did n't support changing the rules , otherwise they would have done so
2	i could not disagree more it has everything to do with cowardice and bravery you 're so scared that " the evil republicans " will get elected that you 're willing to allow the just as corrupt democrats fuck us over time and time again neither party is worth the air they breathe and the only way we can break this cycle is to revolt or vote them out i'm on board for either one so long as we get these corrupt assholes out of power
2	yeah , because democrats need to be weary of pissing off the republican base , else they may not get their votes
6	it 's not like either of the <> parties ' candidates that will run & win would openly state " one of my first goals in office is to pass gay marriage " they 'd definitely be at a disadvantage then personally if one did , & i agreed with or at least accepted their other views , i 'd definitely vote for that candidate , but it simply wo n't happen i would not vote for someone who openly stated they 'd do everything they could to make sure it never passed
6	your original post said he has never actually said that he is pro gay marriage my reply showed that that is factually incorrect your most recent post is tangential to mine
1	american politics are so fucked
1	created equal does n't mean shit about how you 're treated after birth , just ask any republican
5	if you were to actually read the rest of the document , you 'd see that 's precisely what they meant i know that makes it more difficult to be smug in reply
2	because parties a and b have mutually agreed that parties c , d , e , f , g , etc have completely unacceptable opinions and must be censored if you vote for them , you get called a communist nazi pig
1	the more recent purposes of government involvement you outline can easily be handled through a contract between any two individuals , same sex , or not that 's essentially what marriage licenses are , a contract between two people validated by the state , which gives them access to certain rights privileges benefits , and currently most states discriminate who can and cannot enter into such contracts call it whatever you want , marriage , civil unions , partnerships , i do n't care , the crucial part is that the laws which deal with these contracts ( currently referred to as marriage laws ) should not discriminate ron paul 's argument is a red herring , not far from the whole " redefining " argument you sometimes seen , which misses the point that whether or not states wish to have marriage laws , they must provide equal protection under the law to preach that states should be able to discriminate , and further more support an act which has the federal government discriminating in that matter as well , is not advocating marriage equality
4	they also deserve a president who will deliver these rights
8	separate but equal is n't great , but it 's better than separate but unequal two of my best friends are a gay couple with two kids they 're married , but that does n't have any legal status on the federal level as a result , they get fucked with their taxes every year ( one has a high paying job and the other does n't earn anything , so they would really benefit from being able to file jointly ) , and if one of them were to die the other could get fucked with inheritance taxes ( from which married couples are exempt )
2	it was sarcasm and in jest there 's no point being an " internet tough guy "
1	yea what a douche
1	what 's really fucked is that the " religious nutjobs " ( and the secular nutjobs for that matter ) just plug their ears , close their eyes , and sing " lalalalalala " whenever they 're reminded that he is pushing murderous neocon bush <> <> policies that are killing innocent people every day because obviously that 's not nearly as important as gay marriage !
4	things like this tend to happen in steps , or not at all even slavery ended in this country in several steps social reform does n't happen overnight a small step is made , and once people see the world has n't ended , another step is made
1	that 's true there 's a lot times when personal belief is separated from political stances for example , abortion there 's a lot of people who would n't get an abortion themselves , but also would n't stop someone else from doing it i mean , personally , i have no intention of tattooing my face , but i do n't think that means i 'd favor a law making that illegal just because people are opposed to things on a personal level does n't mean they have to be opposed to them on a political level
1	pretty much exactly what i thought actual legal equality is the most tangible and important thing on this topic , which is what he 's pursuing fucking with the semantics is just pandering designed to artificially soften his stance to the opposition and make it seem like he is " preserving the sacred religious institution of marriage , " which is a marked concern of hillbillies and retards all throughout the country a very " left moderate " move that should come as no surprise
6	indeed i was n't thinking about that when i posted others have replied with other political arguments how about this he makes it look personal for him
6	i mean election time is coming up look for more sound bites !
5	religious term ? not really , but it 's a big part of some religions more of a human cultural social thing i did a little reading on wikipedia 's marriage article just now ( good read ) , it does n't look like it began as a religious thing since then , religions , particularly the abrahamic trio , have claimed it as their own and monopolized it for a while so , it does look like it is interestingly , early christians did n't consider it religious at all imo marriage is the term we call it as a society calling everything on the government 's end civil unions instead of marriage just muddies everything i say we take back marriage marriage <> life
6	did n't we already know this ? now , has he actually done anything about it ?
1	haha , bullshit obama wo n't do a fucking thing
1	i tend to lean right of center , and would n't vote for a democrat at gunpoint however , as america recognizes one citizen , it must recognize all if gays want to marry , fine , i could care less make sure though that if you give them all the laws of marriage , you give them all the laws of divorce the country is dying economically and this <> election is about jobs and the economy everything else , including the social agenda which includes gay marriage , abortion and a host of other causes needs to be put on the back burner for a period of <> years why ? because if it keeps going the way it 's going , you wo n't have a country social programs wo n't matter at that point wise up my fellow center right and even far right friends , the house of cards is falling and you are fighting all the way down
2	words are cheap and in this case , worthless
1	" we 're gonna keep fighting ! " he 's going to fight himself ?
2	the government should have no business in marriage , or sex there should be no government benefits based on who you decide to live with , or sleep with it 's so asinine that i do n't even see the argument get rid of tax breaks and benefits for married couples of any sex leave unions up to the people being joined and whoever they choose to perform whatever ceremony they choose to do
6	a few years later gay marriages will become legal in all of us then after some time , you guys will have a gay president then religious constitutions will start paying taxes later on , after some similar cycles you will eventually have an atheist president , who will free cannabis use but that wo n't change the fact it is the corporations who rule the country , not people also , not specifically us many country has that pattern
1	curious and curiouser obama is starting to sound like it 's <> again wonder why that may be the " vote for change " thing probably wo n't work this time around considering that democrats controlled all three branches of government and still could n't get shit done
4	he dances a fine dance
6	christianity is n't the only religion with " marriage " and not all of them are anti gay christians dont own that word , why give it to them ?
3	the sky is falling ! the sky is falling !
1	damn you , poe 's law , damn you !
2	i thought they had that whole crash thing to worry about it is n't like he stopped defending the doma , or ended dadt , or even like he expanded hate crime legislation nah nothing of the sort
4	glad to see you 're using your right to say asinine nonsense
1	what the fuck is society coming too ? its motherfucking senses
6	if they 've regressed , we should take that into account and not reelect him how conservative will he be in four more years ?
1	good thing civil rights are no longer " important things " there are a lot of laws guaranteeing rights for " married " couples not civil unions as kanst said , if you change the laws to make all legal references to civil unions , that is fine until then , it is much more than " a fucking word "
1	no , i am saying obama should n't be revered as a gay rights advocate
1	" biologically correct sex " , as i used it in that context means that the two people engaging in such sex can produce offspring what is incorrect about homosexuality ? seriously ? i am not going to go into a rigorous debate with you on this matter because it ultimately comes down to peripheral beliefs that we each hold that most likely differ there has been so much cultural deconditioning to this mental disorder it is unreal my core opinion is that it is unhealthy and unnatural for men to buttfuck other men and women to poke and prod with other women it is unhealthy hedonism in disguise of legitimate function need i bring up statistics of drug abuse and sexual disease within these communities ? what about the lisp gay men use ? or the clothing styles hair styles of lesbians ? of course it is not <> did you get what you want out of me ? now downvote as you see fit , but you only reveal how much group think is really going on here on reddit i have the right to this opinion as much as you do to yours so go " experiment " with your body parts if you like but i know where and how to use mine , thank you
1	the short of it libya has oil lots of it therefore , developed countries will do whateverthefuck it takes to make sure that world markets continue to have access to it
2	the root of the debate is homophobia though opponents of gay marriage use the " sanctity of marriage " as their only argument though they ca n't say " gay people should n't be able to get married because i hate fags and do n't want to legitimize their relationship " they have to act like gay marriage is a personal attack on them and their institutions in comes religion and suddenly marriage is this super religious experience ( which just happens to have some legal social repercussions , but that is n't important right now ) and you 're violating the bible by letting it be between two men or two women
6	i think his views have changed within <> to <> years
4	many people do n't trust him because he is the " nigger president " in this case he said what he was going to do he explained his reasoning he followed through on what he said he was going to do despite that the op hates him and the only rational explanation is racism because obama 's reasoning is solid , consistent and his approach is smart
5	officially , yes unofficially , it 's done in october ( two months before the repeal 's passage ) , the policy was changed so that dadt discharges required the authorization of the person 's service secretary , the military 's general counsel , and the secretary of defense 's personnel chief in other words , it was effectively ended there has been exactly one dadt discharge ( http www military com news article first servicemember fired under dadt since october html ) since , and that was because the person involved wanted to be discharged still think obama was " too little too late ? "
4	thank you for explaining a bit more and yes , i can see this , now but , ultimately , he succeeded in having " dadt " repealed what a lot of people do n't realize is that in politics you have to concede and regroup , and or retreat when needed if you just fight , fight , fight for the just at all times you wo n't be a politician for long you will not be reelected and then you ca n't try to work towards the overall goal i am not implying anything about obama but , a lot of people want their constitutes to just fight at all times for the best , most just position at all times and you just ca n't honor does not always win the ultimate battle strategy and good judgment with a lot of luck does
4	thanks for the info it 's been a couple years since i really looked into the subject so i was n't sure
8	so basically you 're saying that he ignored the issue of gay rights until he did n't anymore , and that he ignored it by taking a different ( and more difficult to reverse ) path to reach the same end we were looking for ? do n't get me wrong , i wish obama were more pushy on this and a whole bunch of other issues but i think it 's pretty disingenuous to say that he 's ignoring an issue or group of people because we 're not seeing results fast enough
2	downvote those whom you disagree with in the case of elections , vote for those whose interests you agree with the most i always make a pro con list , and then see whether the person in question cries a lot ( lookin ' at you , boehner )
2	find the person who aligns most closely with your views estimate his or her chance of winning i e how many of your fellow citizens you think agree with your choice if it is not likely that your candidate will win , compromise and go with the next best choice the time to put more aggressive candidates on the ballot is at nomination and primary time the usa 's election structure pretty much ensures a two party system , so the best hope for changing the political spectrum is to determine if a more liberal candidate could be viable in the main election and if so , supporting that person for nomination and in the primaries obvious , but maybe not considering the hand wringing that goes on deciding whether to vote third party short answer , no
2	downvote those whom you disagree with in the case of elections , vote for those whose interests you agree with the most i always make a pro con list , and then see whether the person in question cries a lot ( lookin ' at you , boehner )
1	find the person who aligns most closely with your views estimate his or her chance of winning i e how many of your fellow citizens you think agree with your choice if it is not likely that your candidate will win , compromise and go with the next best choice the time to put more aggressive candidates on the ballot is at nomination and primary time the usa 's election structure pretty much ensures a two party system , so the best hope for changing the political spectrum is to determine if a more liberal candidate could be viable in the main election and if so , supporting that person for nomination and in the primaries obvious , but maybe not considering the hand wringing that goes on deciding whether to vote third party short answer , no
6	but what about party iota , the all powerful party spread across the world manipulating everyone ?
8	being single is not a sin in fact the bible even goes so far as to say that it 's better for a man to be single and devote himself entirely to god however , if he is lustful , it 's better to marry than give way to sin easy example there roman catholic priests would be much better if they were allowed to marry mary and joseph definitely had other kids iirc he had four named brothers , and " several " sisters mary obviously did n't stay a virgin , hehe i'm not sure about the marital status of the apostles off the top of my head the word triune , trinity , etc does not exist in the bible it clearly describes the relationship of the father , son , and holy spirit , and that the three are one so while we 've invented the words for the " holy trinity " , we certainly did n't invent it each social construct described in the bible describes mirrors this setup father wife kids for the family jesus preacher congregation in a church god , the ruler , and the people for government , etc
2	exactly , as much as it sucks , it is true that 's part of why the gop fights tooth and nail to reduce voters and get people to feel hopeless and not vote or vote for a third party that cannot win traditionally , the more voters there are , the worse the gop does they have their staunch set of supporters and do n't have to rely on swing voters nearly as much , and when the swing voters come out to vote , they more often vote demo man , i would love to get a social libertarian in office , or even a progressive it would be nice to shift the national dialogue a bit back to center and make it okay to talk about balancing the middle class so it can stand against the oligarch
4	then you 'd think they 'd pass it fast so that all the gay people would be distracted planning weddings and all the people objecting it would be too busy sharpening pitchforks and making protest signs that they 'd have their <> year old hold during a picket of said weddings lol
4	oh , my bad yeah , i saw the part that stated " all men are created equal " i guess they meant " all white men who own property are created equal " pretty confusing , glad you could enlighten me
8	well , i'm sure he does n't want to go out of his way to offend the religious nutjobs who 'd definitely never vote for him again if he came right out and said " i 'd totally pass a law stating gays can marry wherever they want if it were up to me " not saying he 's all for it , but politicians try to not offend anyone who could give them an advantage , say , in a coming election
8	from the same article " in a <> questionnaire filled out for a chicago gay and lesbian newspaper , then called outlines , obama came out clearly in favor of same sex marriage , which he has opposed on the public record throughout his short career in national politics " i think his more recent statements as the president of the united states hold more weight than a <> questionnaire
2	precisely he is skirting the issue they " have the same rights " but he wo n't support gay marraige hmmmmmm not quite an oxymoron , like <> , but certainly some sort of verbal tap dancing to appease all with nothing
6	why not party c ?
6	then sometimes people for vote for party a , just to keep party b out when they really align better with party c , but understand that party c does n't have a chance to win is it better to vote your own interests , or vote against those whose interests offend you the most ?
6	you mean right before he took on dadt and doma ?
6	is there a chance he 'd actually do something though , or even is capable of doing something ? maybe this is just more publicity for the election
4	funny , that in our system these topics only come down the pipeline when elections are around the corner
2	the same rights except marriage obama pointedly does not support the new york bill , and does not support gay marriage
6	out of curiosity , what rights do homosexuals not have ? just not the ability to conceive ? sorry , but that 's not something we can vote on
2	watch this obama guy , next thing you know he 'll be saying that blacks deserve the same rights as all
2	marriage is a religious institution if i were gay and they did n't want me to be married , i could give two shits about their " institution " the rights are the only thing that matters
2	if gay people want to be miserable like heterosexual couples , then let them do it
8	ron paul hit the nail on the head in the gop debate that we should n't have gay rights , or women 's rights , or black 's rights , etc , but only human rights rights are n't attributed to one group of people or another , but are inherent to all just another example of how basic adherence to the constitution can solve so many of our problems
6	did n't he say that last time ?
6	i recently posted this on my facebook not expecting much in terms of opposition , but one of my old high school friends made a surprising claim half the population does n't pay taxes the top <> pct account for <> pct of the taxes so because people who were smart and earned their insane wealth by playing smart , they should have to pick up the slack of the rest of the country i responded to his comments with this article and by saying that being rich does n't necessarily make one smart and being poor does n't make one lazy and a few other points i am pretty set in my beliefs but if someone thinks that the rich need even more taxes breaks , please explain because it makes no sense to me whatsoever
2	i totally agree with you ! i hate the fact that the republicans refuse to even debate this issue taking away the horrible policies of reaganomics and the bush take cuts could really boost the economy
2	but what about dressing a couple of animals a year in the backyard ? how can that be compared to a conagra or tyson facility ? in the eyes of the government , the two are one and the same i seriously doubt this my grandfather had a farm ( for his own sustenance ) which he slaughtered cows every year for <> years maybe he was technically breaking a law but it obviously was n't enforced as for this guy 's other bitching , if you create a product which you plan to sell to the public then you have to comply with government regulations that are in place for the safety of the public if you do n't like it then do something else
2	the author sells his meat to the public ever see food inc ? the guy killing the chickens outdoors is the author the guy that says he knows his outdoor kitchen produces cleaner chicken than a stainless steel kitchen approved by the usda fda a question that immediately comes to mind for you is , when is the cost of safety too high for you ? there 's a line for everybody , safety is never the <> concern despite what people say say i am selling chickens , really healthy ones i can sell you a chicken that was absolutely guaranteed to be <> safe to eat , no bacteria on it , no cancer causing chemicals , no non chicken particles , no dust , meat grown from all organic feed in healthy , humane conditions my chickens cost <> million dollars each you interested in buying one ? i bet not hyperbole ? sorta let 's tone it down for the real world then lets imagine i'm a parent looking to feed my five children i know this guy joe who raises chickens , really great chickens , he sells them to all sorts of people and everybody raves about them except he slaughters his chickens outdoors , not in an all stainless steel kitchen his chickens are pretty cheap compared to the store chickens , and they are higher quality so i buy them to feed my family i'm saving money , my family is happy , joe is selling his chickens , everybody is happy now here comes the usda , they go to joe 's farm and see he 's slaughtering chickens outdoors that 's not okay says the usda it 's not " clean , " it is n't " safe " of course , the usda is n't basing these claims on fact , they 're making broad generalizations they do n't test joe 's chickens after he slaughters them for bacteria , they have no interest in actual facts such as those they 're merely there to enforce rules so now joe stops selling chickens , which means i have to go elsewhere for my family 's poultry now i'm paying more to feed my family , joe is making less money , i'm saving less who is benefiting in this situation ? the large chicken producers like tyson or conagra and possibly the government ( from higher tax revenue , although tyson probably uses crazy loopholes to avoid paying taxes while at the same time throwing large amounts of cash into politics , making politicians do more of their bidding ) so why am i forced to buy this " safer , cleaner " meat if i do n't want to ? why is joe prevented from selling a product that i want ? because the large companies do n't want competition , because the government has control over what you can put into your mouth , because they say so it 's ridiculous there 's a possibility that i am subjecting myself to sickness if i choose a non usda approved chicken to eat , but there 's that possibility when choosing approved meat too ( meat recalls anyone ? ) i'm trying to give my family the best and to support a humane , healthy , sustainable business , but the government wo n't allow that but if we do n't like it , then we should do something else ? no screw that when actions are taken without using facts , those actions are pointless when i ca n't buy something that benefits me in multiple ways , screw that when i ca n't support a business that benefits the environment in multiple ways , screw that
3	ca n't be no codpiece
1	fuck , i am way to the left of obama and i saw it as a " mission accomplished " speech slightly more dignified than chimpy mcflightsuit
1	yay now they can coerce us out of more of our civil liberties
2	great you know how unions protect the police right ? yeah , it will be just like that expect nothing to happen to these goons when you are sexually molested
1	fucking great guess my balls will still be fondled before boarding a plane
1	how lovely , higher taxes for jobs that wont ever end then we get to pay double when they retire
1	oh god we 're fooked
2	wait so now its going to be harder to fire a tsa worker who acts inappropriately ? i'm nuetral on unions but i thought originally the tsa was not supposed to be unionized in order to keep them from becoming lazy since they are ( supposedly ) in charge with keeping us safe at the airports
4	i'm glad someone can declare victory here certainly the flying public ca n't
4	good
2	al sadr reminder who this guy is ( http www youtube com watch ? v x2ladpaes4g " the cleric , who is said to be in his <> , gained wide popularity among shi ' ites in iraq in the months after the us led invasion of <> and in <> his mahdi army militia battled us troops in two bloody conflicts known for the black " sayyid " and beard to match , the young cleric was identified by the pentagon in <> as the biggest threat to stability in iraq his militia became the most active and feared armed shi ' ite group , blamed by washington for death squad killings of thousands of sunnis " ) if you 've seen the documentary death squads ( http topdocumentaryfilms com dispatches the death squads ) , it 's about al sadr 's ethnical cleansing of sunnis in short , the guy 's grade a fucking scum and one of the worst war criminals in the iraq war
6	about time that starts getting covered
8	large cuts in the defense budget are probably impossible because of bi partisan opposition to those cuts libya is a very tiny <> billion dollars in mostly maintenance and supply costs
6	think about it when cantor says " republicans have made clear that we will not agree to raise the debt limit without real spending cuts " what he is doing is forcing democrats to propose cuts now if the democrats really had any progressive or leftward principles left , the answer would be simple " sure , we 'll cut defense spending and tax cuts for the rich " of course , obama has just led the way to war in libya and re upping the rich tax cuts , so that 's not gonna happen but suppose it did where is all the campaign money the democrats need going to come from ? or democrats could cut social programs and alienate their base ( what 's left of their base ) tl dr cantor says you 're fucked and he ca n't hold in the giggles
8	large cuts in the defense budget are probably impossible because of bi partisan opposition to those cuts libya is a very tiny <> billion dollars in mostly maintenance and supply costs
1	to the photoshops ! ! ! ! !
1	i'm going to admit i do n't know shit about this man 's political stances and have no time at work to research him so correct the following flame as needed from what i read understand , this legislation was designed to gives states the power of regulating cannabis to whatever extent they see fit as a republican does n't he believe in a smaller government role ? he does n't want the government to act as a nanny state , right ? i wonder what he would say if someone told him that texas does n't have the right to have their own gun laws , because the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms has done a ( hypothetical ) study that proves it is nessecary for the federal government to regulate guns for whatever reason ( i know , bad example , its the point that counts ) then would he believe in state rights ? i ca n't help but see the hypocrisy in this it seems that he is promoting a bigger ( nanny ) government role only when it benefits his opinions
6	ahh , the good ol' patriotic pop banger
4	go texas ! world gerrymandering champions ! whoooooooooooooo
2	thanks came here to post this we 've been learning this in texas state government it 's disgusting since it 's creation , texas has tried it 's hardest to nullify the votes of minorities , the poor , and liberals notice in the wiki link how the voting district goes all the way from san antonio to central austin awesome i hate this state sometimes http en wikipedia org wiki texas <> <> congressional district
6	wait , is n't that backwards ? if austin is truly a majority liberal , then dividing it up with the minority conservative areas dilutes the conservative votes , thus making it more likely for liberals to be elected in each of those separate districts
2	hahaha i hate republicans , too !
1	that 's outrageous ! transsexuals would never sink so low as to sleep with a republican senator !
6	overdose on what ?
6	well , marinol is a medicine , and cannabis is a poison because it is n't synthesized in a laboratory for pennies on the dollar then sold to consumers at a <> mark up do n't you know anything about pharmaceuticals ?
4	agreed
2	" smoked marijuana " , this guy is splitting hairs and because he 's involved in the us political system , you will never hear his response to any followup questions regarding any of his statements , and there wo n't be any followup questions
6	wait , you 're not seriously saying that lamar smith ( http www reddit com r politics comments i7uyy here is the guy responsible for shutting down ron c21lxmy ) is a prohibitionist ( http www google com search ? hl en & source hp & biw <> & bih <> & q lamar smith prohibitionist & oq lamar smith prohibitionist & aq f & aqi & aql undefined & gs sm e & gs upl <> <> <> ) , are you ?
6	how is that even related ?
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
4	thanks for getting in contact the rights and wrongs of marijuana prohibition are not of great interest to me what you fail to understand is that the national beer wholesalers association are big contributors of mine without their help , i might fail to get elected and that would be a travesty , not just for me personally , but for whole country thus what i do is for the greater good from the desk of smamar lith
2	thank you for finding this , i had a huge suspicion that he was getting money from them i bet if you look it up all politicians that oppose legalization are actually just feeding their own interests with money
1	only a politician would willingly destroy thousands of lives and waste billions of dollars for a measly twenty six thousand bucks
2	lobbyists have long been the driving force behind our awful policies
2	this needs to be on the front page he reacted because he gets his paycheck from the prison system
1	one more click on that link leads to this page ( http www opensecrets org pacs pacgot php ? cmte c00366468 & cycle <> ) on that page , shows he received <> , <> <> from corrections corp of america in <> ( http imgur com <> ) edit crap , i ca n't find where i saw that information and it looks like i may be incorrect you guys can have your karma back ( absolutely i upvoted anyway because he still received contributions from them i'm positive that he received <> , <> , not including pac contributions , in <> <> from pharma companies , another industry that would take a huge hit of mj was legalized can i keep half of this karma , pleaaaase ? jails and pharmaceuticals that 's where it 's at
6	wow , this needs more attention you should submit some proof in a new link you 'll probably get some karma headed your way
8	well if those are the only cases where he wants the federal government to be involved , it would be rather small i agree though most republican politicians do n't want smaller government they just want to move the attention somewhere else
6	yeah , republicans just want smaller government when it comes to business and economics if they wanted smaller government in social issues too , they 'd be libertarians
2	they want less gov regulation for their particular issues and more for the opposition 's , just like the opposition does obvious tactic is obvious
2	both parties want to apply the same amount of presents of government , just in different places
4	republicans do n't actually want smaller government i'm a republican and i want smaller government i want the states and not the feds to make decisions on marriage , abortion , and substance legalization
7	actually this is not completely accurate the republicans we have now have been thoroughly infiltrated by the neo conservative movement which is far from conservative their policies have tended to dominate since the bush administration they were considered nuts prior to that and had little power there are true conservatives that want to reduce government but , they are out numbered by these whack jobs neo con should actually have been called pseudo con ( or false fake ) so , i do agree with you that your statement is accurate for all of the neo cons there are however , some republicans still that want reduced government they just have trouble being heard so , while you are accurate it was not <> accurate because , it was not true of all republicans , just the current majority
2	ironically , weed was made illegal because of the same lies more than <> years ago plus it " makes darkies think there as good as white men "
8	i believe in the freedom for private businesses to allow what they wish in their bars others believe in the freedom of people to go into any bar without the smell of smoke freedom is different to different people trying to fit everyone into one box is tyrannical
6	i agree with this due process under the law is absolutely essential in a free and open society ( that was tough to type ) due process is how , through the <> amendment , the states became restricted by the bill of rights it is state actions would be legal under the libertarian system this is what happens when democrats re legitimize rank and file gop i have no idea what that means it is what happens when the gop ( http www guardian co uk world <> jun <> america pregnant women murder charges ) controls the state government and it is what ron paul would be happy with since it is states doing this rather than the federal government
6	it 's tiring and thankless work , but someone 's gotta do it
5	the only thing making me weep here is your sorry comment a lot of the barriers to entry today exist because subsidies and tax credits give unfair advantage to private corporations for creating their own monopolies or duopolies case in point communication companies ( att , comcast , etc )
4	i was aware of that actually , but connecticut did n't elect him governor , you see )
6	maybe the cartels are actually paying this guy off just a thought
5	yeah but it would end up the same way drug cartels do n't sell cigarettes , because you can buy cigarettes at the gas station drug cartels do n't sell alcohol , because you can buy alcohol at the liquor store drug cartels sell weed , but they only sell weed because there is a high demand and there is no other supply when you can buy weed at headshops ( i assume headshops will be the liquor stores of weed ) , then there will be enough ( legal ) supply of weed that the cartel wo n't have anyone to sell to the mafia may be a joke compared to cartels , but it works the same way
2	yeah a pit boss could comp you a meal without having to check the goddamn balance on your rewards card
3	yeah apparently it was stupid cheap because the mob did n't even care about making money on the businesses your average tourist was going to partake in they were making illegal money elsewhere i 've heard it was pretty awesome back when the hotels and casinos did n't actually need to support themselves
4	i did n't post it , but i did send the link to him when i emailed him on his site )
3	the unnecessary comma kind of ruins it
1	fuck limited government i do n't want corporations controlling everything
2	hey man , the cartels do n't have shit on our dinner selections
1	i wish i could have a civilized , non politicized debate with one of these anti marijuana politicians just one time just once and not have my concerns waved off it seems they are just turning a blind eye to reason now i mean , this guy is fucking voted in to congress right ?
6	wo n't let me send him an email because i live in another district i suppose i could find a zip code in his district but i think you guys will probably take care of it
6	the most chill place on the planet ? have you even been to reddit ?
6	i am wondering how close this guy is to the alcohol lobbies ? i do not know if it 's true , but i was told the alcohol companies and their lobbies are the primary funders behind the anti marijuana efforts
8	good intentions , but terrible plan as a us citizen , you have one congressman assigned to you they represent you ( theoretically ) and no one else in any other district whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out
1	we got the right to beararms let 's maul the fuck out of him
2	this guy is the congressman for my district in san antonio i sent him an email yesterday morning about the bill being introduced asking him to consider it as a means to promote social health no response yet he is pretty socially conservative with deep connections with homeland security the man is not the person i want representing me and knowing what side of town i'm on makes me curious as to how a white man got support from a lot of lower middle class african and mexican americans end rant
2	since mj is not legal at the state level this really does n't matter much if states would grow some balls and legalize getting the feds to go alone would be easy until states legalize there is no point in even considering any federal legislation also do n't expect this to stop companies from drug testing you
1	the fda has not authorized smoked tobacco for any condition or disease i do n't see them authorizing the use of alcohol both are classified as drugs , both are legal and taxed , and both kill hundreds of thousands of americans every year fuck you , lamar fuck you up your fucking clenched asshole
6	i hope lulzsec gets him
8	for what it 's worth , this is the exact letter i ( an austin resident ) just sent to mr smith ming boggling as the son of a former police chief with over <> years of law enforcement experience , i am writing to tell you that i am considerably disappointed by your decision in blocking the recent marijuana legalization bill submitted by paul and frank i have never smoked marijuana and know the damages its use cause mainly social and economic damages caused by sustained , unmerited criminalization i know you have no intention of personally reading this message and much less intention of in any way considering it this assumption is based on your actions towards this bill that clearly speak to pre existing biases , not fact that said , it is my civic duty to inform you that i and many well informed individuals around me completely and categorically disagree with your willingness to continue the economic damages caused by prohibition at home ( prison costs , lost tax revenue , law enforcement funding for " war on drugs " , the list continues ) and the damages caused to so many families along and outside of our border because of the financial gain we 've given to life long criminals abroad i look forward to the day when you and your type are long gone and logic , reason , and those appalled with the misguided decisions of the past re enter our government good day sir
1	yeah fuck this guy with a pineapple
6	wonder if he has anything to do with the private prison system ? seems to me a big chunck of their revenue comes from " criminals " who are locked up because of marijuana if marijuana were legalized , wouldnt the private prison system take a huge hit ? see the other thread http thinkprogress org justice <> <> <> <> cca geogroup prison industry
5	i am not a member of representative your district , however i and many thousands of internet users have collectively decried your senseless killing of the bill hr2306 it is quite apparent that your position is based on the tautology that marijuana is bad because it 's bad the only reasons you cite are all either false or only true because the government actively quashes any domestic research that would lead to the obvious answer that marijuana is far less of a domestic health concern than alcohol , and in fact has several valid medicinal uses , as well as being the most harmless recreational substance consumed by human beings far less harmful to one 's health than alcohol , tobacco or even caffeine your statement that marijuana leads to other drugs is one of the biggest fallacies spread by politicians in an attempt to scare parents the causation and correlation here is beyond gummed up currently yes marijuana leads to other drugs this is not due to the substance itself but due to the underground black market culture to which the government has relegated it 's sale and cultivation marijuana does not lead to other drugs , spending too much time dealing with criminals does legalizing marijuana would solve that problem pretty fast i further question the logic of why , in these economic times , a republican would oppose the creation of a multibillion dollar industry which could lead to an immense revenue stream for the federal government legalization would literally bring the mexican drug cartels to their knees it is quite obvious that supporters of the war on drugs do not have the public 's best interest at heart as it only perpetuates crime and costs the american taxpayers billions of wasted dollars your conduct reveals an utter desire to remain in your seat instead of a willingness to do what 's right and practical
2	hate to ask , but does anyone have a good template of a message to send to this email ? i can write something up , but i have a lot on my plate right now and usually when i write these things , it takes me a while to revise and re revise it until i get it right i just do n't have the time right now , but still wanna send a message tia edit fuck it , i'm working on a draft right now
6	woodrow wilson administration we can go back a long ways and find the roots of our current crisis it was like a seed that has grown over time and we are now reaping what has been sewn over many administrations
6	ummm did you mean to talk to me ? this does n't seem at all relevant to the post i responded to and how i responded i actually agree with everything you just said it does n't have anything to do with my post that you responded to , or the person i responded to so , i'm a bit confused
1	you 're confusing moral conservatism with federal conservatism i'm an anti federalist , or a federal conservative i do n't give a flying fuck if you smoke weed , bang dudes chicks , have an abortion , or worship a fossilized turd i just do n't want the federal government involved in any of that shit conservative republican
1	" i support first amendment rights until someone says something i do n't like ! then we must silence them "
3	i opened the link , but stopped reading at this " researchers found after looking at almost a thousand mummies from egypt and south america that only a handful suffered from cancer " well , no shit people only lived to be <> years old of course only a handful would have cancer
2	you 're not making any progress
6	a sizable portion of texas is " mexicans " so do they hate themselves ?
4	they must have taken down his page because of all of us not really a victory , but it still makes me feel good
4	eh , even if all i 've done is make an intern hit " delete " one more time i'm pleased to know i created some amount of work for someone in his camp
1	ps fuck you
2	source http www opensecrets org politicians contrib php ? cycle <> & cid n00001811 & type i & newmem n national beer wholesalers are his <> largest contributor this type of rampant shit makes me sick
2	you forgot power people can get addicted to that as well perhaps we should outlaw political officials
2	absolutely a million e mails will be laughed off as the stoned pipe dreams of vapid potheads the " annoyance " factor wo n't compete in the slightest with the actual money and power they would stand to lose if they stopped doing the bidding of the businesses that profit from the drug war
2	the more we annoy the people in the wrong , the harder time they have organizing and acting on their mistaken beliefs by crashing their e mail and phone systems , we are showing lamar smith 's office just how wrong his political position is , in addition to how damaging to his everyday business being a corporate whore is
4	i believe he and vitter had a wild weekend in new orleans , doing this exact thing luckily , they both got back in time to howl about weiner 's wiener
6	does anyone else find it more than a little ironic that this person claims to represent part of austin , texas , a town renowned for it 's <> <> friendliness ?
1	in the words of jesse jackson i want to cut his nuts off
2	smith is a christian scientist they are against all drugs , including alcohol
6	has anyone just emailed him a link to this or another thread on the topic of legalization ? might be good for him and other people just to read our debates on this topic
6	this is the most chill place on the planet ? the members of r politics are peaceful ? lmao ! although , i agree his reason for opposing it is empty , unsupported and flies in the face of conservative principles
6	he looks like a closeted homosexual next republican homo scandal ? ?
6	so i bet if someone did some research on campaign funding on this guy that we would find big pharma as one of his top contributors
3	our best action to stop this would be to start a twitter trend against him what are your suggestions for the hash tag ? i'm tired of living in fear of drug cartels , we need to take away their livelihood and return safety to south texas and the rest of the world so affected if this man was in tune with reality he of all people should know something must be done as he is a member of a community very ill affected by the drug war being from south texas himself
6	why are n't major media outlets picking this up ?
3	here is what i wrote i noticed in an interview that you said , " we ought to be enforcing our drug laws , not backing away from them " since richard nixon declared a war on drugs in <> , we have had hundreds of thousands of lives disrupted , and countless billions of dollars wasted you want to continue this ? do you expect a different result ? the only thing these policies have gotten us in the last <> years in the largest prison population on the face of the earth , entire communities torn apart ( not by cannabis , but backwards mandatory drug sentencing ) , and the cartels that provide the drugs have become more powerful than they have ever been drugs are more available than they have ever been this is the policy you want to continue ? i believe in results it seems that your political opinions are based more on your personal feelings than what actually works in the real world this makes your policies not only a waste of time , but actually detrimental to fixing this country the people are waking up to this charade the majority of americans are in favor of correcting this costly mistake your ideas belong in the scrapheap on humanity stop destroying people 's lives and this country with misguided policies that seem to have no basis in reality legislation is only effective when it achieves its desired result is it your hope that by continuing this policy we can cripple another generation , or is this just to ensure we have enough inmates for the rapidly growing private prison industry ? it is these policies and ideas that have caused many states to spend more on housing their prisoners than educating their children this is the america your ideas are creating do n't you think it is time we change direction with this misguided policy ?
6	why are n't politicians held accountable for anything ? ( except dick pics ) ftfy
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
1	who the fuck knows their zip <>
7	you are trying to apply logic and sense to a republican statement that 's doomed to failure before you even started gop do as we say , not as we do
5	sorry to hear about your unfortunate relationship
2	get some dirt on him , post his cell phone number , give him some pot brownies and film him , or at the very least give him a wet willy
4	i like the spirit , but i would have liked it more had you included some references in it to back your arguments
1	what an asshole this guy is http www heraldnews com news x2069920958 u s rep barney frank looking to end federal pot penalties according to the associated press , house judiciary committee chair lamar smith said his panel , which the proposed law is required to pass through , will turn down the hr <> bill marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the u s , said smith , who is also a republican from texas the food and drug administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease smith said that marijuana leads to other drugs , and that legalization would lead to stronger drug cartels an argument that legalization advocates absolutely disagree with decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the u s mexico border , he said allowing states to determine their own marijuana policy flies in the face of supreme court precedent i guess republicans are only for states rights when it suits them from now on , i say this guy gets the title of prohibitionist lamar smith
1	ron paul likes to eat his own farts
1	lets get a phone number and rock their phone system just like we did to the white house
4	oh no , it did n't pass ! i guess i ca n't smoke anymore oh wait , what the fuck am i saying , lol ?
8	guys , do n't bother emailing him or contacting unless you 're a texas resident in the <> district this man will give exactly one one millionth of a flying fuck what you think , otherwise
8	in case you want to leave a message for the congressman on his website , but ca n't because you have no fucking clue what district he represents , use this one i did ! <> main st kerrville tx <> <>
2	" i want smaller federal government except when it comes to gay marriage , abortion , and marijuana legalization " republicans do n't actually want smaller government people have been falling for that line for way too long
5	i know this is the most chill place on the planet r politics wat
1	this rat bastard is not accepting e mail from anyone outside of his constituency
1	mail him a box of pre rolled joints , maybe he 'll try one and realize its not so bad and everything is chill and woah like hands are amazing fuckin hands , man
6	this guy 's district includes zilker park of austin , tx ? ohhhh no you did n't , sir now its on
3	my guess is that the cartels has him by the balls with the old " silver or lead " policy you either take this money and say what we tell you to , or we shoot you and your family
1	all of you who are pissed off , write a letter ! if his office gets flooded with literally thousands of letters , he might not take the issue so lightly
1	another asshole from texas vote for rick perry , you can get another one
6	no , your wrong federalism is the idea that federal , state , and local governments have equal amounts of power the fed should not be stronger than the state anti federalism is the belief of a stronger federal government most of the founding fathers were staunch federalists edit i'm an idiot had the terms switched
6	unrelated note that is the fakest hair piece i have ever seen in my life it looks like it was added in post
2	if it 's non compliant with the voting rights act , then it 's gerrymandering tom delay ran into trouble for this same thing lloyd dogget 's argument was then , as it is now , that minority voters were disenfranchised by the redistricting , as the republican political majority ( being also by far ethically non minority ) , reduced both ethnic and democratic voice in congress for the district the supreme court ruled it in violation of the voting rights act , on racial grounds http en wikipedia org wiki <> texas redistricting the current redistricting plan that involves lamar smith looks to be similar
8	and deaths due to infections , appendicitis , and a myriad of other maladies that are easily treated today but fatal <> years ago
6	a reactionary prick from texas ? i am shocked shocked , i tell you !
2	see , folks this is a true example of hypocrisy you cannot be a small government republican and be for the federal ban of a naturally growing plant it makes no sense especially considering tobacco and alcohol are currently legal
8	for constituents connecting to this form from a third party site , we have been experiencing some technical difficulties it is important that our office hears from you , so please include your full address , including zip <>
6	why are n't politicians held accountable for logical fallacies ?
2	in case anyone would like a template to go on your refusal to debate the marijuana legalization bill goes against what you say you stand for are you in the pocket of the drug cartels and big pharma ? states individual freedoms and smaller federal government are exactly what this bill is for marijuana does not lead to harder drugs , and there is no way in hell that legalization will give more money to the cartels people will buy it from much safer dispensaries or grow it themselves millions of people use it regardless of your ignorance marijuana use has not increased , and in fact crime has gone down in many areas that marijuana has been decriminalized the mafia did n't do nearly as well after we took away their illegal alcohol smuggling money , did they ? i urge you to be a man who represents the people , be a real politician and at least allow debate on this bill your fascist blocking of this legislation is un american bring the bill up for debate , and end the financial and human disaster that is marijuana prohibition thank you for your time , i sincerely hope you will step up to the call from the american people and do what is right allow this bill to be voted on
2	in case anyone would like a template to go on your refusal to debate the marijuana legalization bill goes against what you say you stand for are you in the pocket of the drug cartels and big pharma ? states individual freedoms and smaller federal government are exactly what this bill is for marijuana does not lead to harder drugs , and there is no way in hell that legalization will give more money to the cartels people will buy it from much safer dispensaries or grow it themselves millions of people use it regardless of your ignorance marijuana use has not increased , and in fact crime has gone down in many areas that marijuana has been decriminalized the mafia did n't do nearly as well after we took away their illegal alcohol smuggling money , did they ? i urge you to be a man who represents the people , be a real politician and at least allow debate on this bill your fascist blocking of this legislation is un american bring the bill up for debate , and end the financial and human disaster that is marijuana prohibition thank you for your time , i sincerely hope you will step up to the call from the american people and do what is right allow this bill to be voted on
6	hmm some more interesting links here are the members of the united states house committee on the judiciary http en wikipedia org wiki united states house committee on the judiciary now here are the members who get the most donations from national beer wholesalers assn http www opensecrets org orgs summary php ? id d000000101 lot of crossover the nbwa seems to really want to keep a handle on that committee in particular the ranking member , john conyers , gets more from beer money than anyone else , and the nbwa gives more to him than anyone else http www opensecrets org politicians summary php ? cid n00004029 & cycle <>
8	i 'd suggest you study a bit more history
2	if you move power to states then money will follow that power and the same asshole you see at the federal level will simply win seats at the state level you can win this battle by shifting power around you have to stop the wealth gap from growing , raise taxes on the rich , regulate and that will slowly start to lessen the influence of wealth on government anyone who thinks shifting power around is a solution has n't bothered to sit down and really understand the problem nor have they considered that corrupting states is vastly easier than corrupting the feds
5	please , please no i live in texas " states rights " would mean texas would get free reign to fuck me over horribly i desperately need the protection of the federal government and the real constitution
2	well , no , not really you 'll note that the dedicated defenders of " state 's rights " are <> against states legalizing medical marijuana which brings me back to my point people who yammer about " state 's rights " are n't in favor of individual rights and they 're really just dogwhistling about fucking over minorities people fighting for medical marijuana try , sometimes , to use " state 's rights " as a loophole , but it does n't work for them , and they are n't really dedicated to " state 's rights " , they 're dedicated to individual rights and they 're taking whatever approach to getting those rights they think will work look at history slavery ended by federal mandate , enforced by federal guns who supported ending slavery ? it was n't the people yammering about " state 's rights " jim crow ended by federal mandate , enforced by federal guns who supported ending jim crow ? it was n't the people yammering about " state 's rights " no one serious about freedom is serious about " state 's rights " that 's because serious believers in freedom recognize the utter stupidity of that phrase states do n't have rights , people do in the fight for individual freedom i 'll use whatever weapon i can , and if the idiocy of " state 's rights " can be used to advance individual freedom i 'll use it but it ca n't all the " state 's rights " freaks stabbed you in the back on marijuana , because they hate freedom they do n't care about rights , they care about fucking over minorities
6	has that stopped the feds from raiding medical marijuana facilities ?
8	where also , your attitude makes this easy to disregard keep a level head , you are n't in an internet flame war , you 're addressing an elected official if you want to make a difference be polite & proper if you want to reinforce his smug sense of superiority send him what you posted
8	emails like this do not further your cause factual emails wont either with guys like him , but you delegitimize the movement by sounding like a teenager who just wants to get stoned i support decriminalization , but you cant give him power to say " supporters are crazed angry americans that pose a danger if they get what they want " you have to be better than that
1	confusing spain with portugal ? why ? because all iberian folk look the same ? racist !
6	err , do n't you mean portugal ?
2	yeah , real conservatives are all for gay marriage rights , drug legalization , more limited roles for the police and the military oh wait , no they 're not
3	move out of texas
2	sorry i should have clarified that texans hate weed smoking mexican delinquents who we all hate
3	yeah i checked the lines and i am right on the border of his and another district so close yet so far oh well
1	enjoy living in a state that is ripe with variety of culture , climate and geography ( if overburdened with " republican values " like our man lamar ) and hope that raptorjesusdesu lives somewhere else ) just kidding raptor you are welcome here too just chill the fuck out a bit first eh ? that 's right , you 're not texas , but texas wants you anyway ( http www youtube com watch ? v kqoxnz3h fe )
6	he probably still wont
1	if i'm curious about a politician 's positions , i do n't listen to shit they say , just look straight to their voting record
2	the commerce clause the congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations , and among the several states , and with the indian tribes for the last century politicians have been interpreting " among " to mean " within " republicans and democrats alike an incredible amount of legislation has been forced on us through this erroneous reading they 're all liars the ones who pull moves like this are the worst of them does cannabis cure cancer ? ( http endthelie com <> <> <> examining the cancer explosion and the man who claims to have found a cure )
2	he 's a super douche
8	if you could see some of the things i have done of facebook and in real life i 've have pretty much done that troll , but to a far far larger extent to a point where everyone was left stunned ( except the guy cursing me out ) the bible never condemns child marriage , and a few verses , if you understand the hebrew , actually support it i have actually successfully convinced a decent number of people that there is nothing inherently wrong with child marriage with enough charisma and time , i think one could convince the average individual of anything p s i should admit that in hebrew culture , adulthood started about <> years earlier than it does in modern culture , so technically one could argue it was adults marrying , but they would n't be adults by today 's standard
6	ffs , how did i know it was going to be my jackass congressman ? i just wrote him about this shit yesterday , too
6	here 's my attempt feel free to post it and get credit http i imgur com ilzyh jpg
6	here 's my attempt feel free to post it and get credit http i imgur com ilzyh jpg
4	just called and left a message with one of his staff give him a call and tell him how you feel <> <> <>
6	what the hell happened ? is there a video or something of how it got shut down ? an article ? (
4	i love when people say cannabis has no medical use until you 're in chemo and feel the horrible pain that it causes , you will never know the relief cannabis brings sorry i do n't want to medicate myself with habit forming pain killers i 'd rather have a natural alternative with no addictive qualities lamar smith needs to grow up
1	give us a zip code so we can email him without having to look it up
2	you ca n't expect this " congressman " to have have an honest debate about something of this magnitude he ca n't even be honest about the fact he 's bald and how bad his toup e looks
8	as someone who worked the phones in a dc congressional office you should pretend to be from the representative 's district generally at the beginning of every call the staffer will ask for your zipcode , if you 're outside the district they will probably not talk to your for very long or even care about your opinion , since you are not a constituent that they represent
1	what a piece of shit i hope someone " insert illegal act here " to improve the quality of life in america for texans and all americans
6	can anybody find dick pics of this guy ? lol
1	sent mr lamar it has come to my attention that you have stated you will prevent the passage of hr <> the frank paul bill which would deregulate marijuana at the federal level and leave it to the states to decide their laws first and foremost , the information you provided in defense of your actions are blatant lies marijuana does , in fact , have an accepted medical use thc has been used to treat victims of cancer for chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting , appetite disorders , migraines , arthritis , glaucoma , depression , anxiety , and a myriad of ailments since you are a congressman , i will assume you had to of been smart enough to get to where you are today as this information is readily available online , i can only deduce that you have simply disregarded it you have gone on to say " decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the u s " whether you honestly believe marijuana is a gateway drug , the fact of the matter is that it can be found anywhere in the united states there are no less people smoking it now than there were before prohibition began the only thing its illegality has done is pack innocent people into an already overcrowded prison system for victimless crimes however , there are still victims not of marijuana 's use but of its illicitness the people of mexico and americans living along the border who have suffered the violence of drug cartels once again , you have misstated the true outcome of ending the war on drugs if marijuana were allowed to grow on u s soil , it could be taxed and regulated , with its profits kept out of the hands of corrupt gangsters thus bleeding them dry of resources and reducing the heinous amount of crime currently running rampant once again , you should be fully aware of this , and the fact that you have presented your argument in this manner leads me to believe that you do not care about the truth lastly , it is absurd to think that alcohol and tobacco products which kill millions of people every year are legal in this country , and yet marijuana is not you know damn well that it is a harmless drug if you do not help put an end to this foolish federal policy , the blood of the victims of cartel violence will remain on your hands , you will continue to be perceived as a subordinate to the pharmaceutical , and for profit prison industries , and your name will forever be likened to hypocrisy please , end prohibition now
2	his staff reads it , not him and most of the time , i would expect them to either delete the messages or reply with a form letter that informs you of just how important your view is , while he ignores you and continues to do whatever the fuck he thinks is right , regardless of how backwards and uninformed it is just cuss him cathartic victories are all you 're going to get out of this asshole anyway
2	you left out the words " fuck nozzle "
2	yeah , would n't snail mail be more effective ? with email , he can just filter out emails containing " disappointed " , " disapprove " , " dis " , " marijuana " , and prolly " reddit "
1	hey fuck you i'm from texas and this asshole does not speak for me also , lone star is reasonably priced good fresh beer , not the best and not the worst but a good deal for the price
6	yea , the first one i submitted was to r trees and i was too lazy to remove it when i cross posted here lol i'm actually more surprised that you 're the only one to mention it have an upvote because you 're cool
8	state 's rights is always in the context of opposing emancipation of slaves , civil rights , de segregation , gay rights , women 's rights , and church state separation i honestly have n't the slightest idea how you can make the statement you did with even a minimal knowledge of history or politics dhs and tsa was born ( patriot act ) state governments are n't exactly clamoring to oppose these things i think texas attempted to sort of limit the tsa 's use of pat downs the other <> have been completely mum so it 's not exactly a strong argument for " states rights " it was at that point in our history the federal government proved it was no longer concerned with protecting the rights of citizens well if you assume history started in <> , yes but with historical perspective , we 'd note the federal government was a lot more abusive in the mccarthy era the fbi had a lot more unchecked power in its early years under hoover than it does today nixon was a notable abuser of the agency to spy on political enemies which is neither a defense of the patriot act nor those historical things i'm only pointing out this does n't mark some turning point in our history the federal government is not now nor has it ever been a paragon of virtue it 's got a long history of disregard for individual rights but the states are n't now nor have they ever really fought the federal government to defend individual rights quite the contrary , it 's almost always been the reverse the federal government tends to be ahead of the vast majority of states in acknowledging and addressing the righteous grievances of individuals and minority groups which is why racists , etc always fall back to " states rights " as an argument , and why states rights is so strongly associated with institutional racism and bigotry rather than individual liberty
2	yeah , that 's not what people who yammer about " state 's rights " mean though they 've got some crazy idea that postal districts have rights and people do n't talk about " powers " if you must , but do n't confuse rights ( which are held by real people ) with powers that states may or may not have for me ? i'm a nationalist and i favor amending the constitution to strip the states of any pretensions of sovereignty and abolishing the senate in its current form states as anything but postal districts are an anachronism
8	i see you have been working hard
6	we can control the corporations power simply by controlling where we spend our money barrier to entry learn it weep
2	do n't try to figure it out this subreddit never makes any sense when it comes to upvotes downvotes
3	hemp oil can run a combustion engine ( cleanly ) , but i was mostly thinking about plastics , rope twine , and basically anything that is petroleum based today
2	i cannot disagree more strongly the very idea that freedom , liberty , should be determined on a state by state basis is repugnant either freedom is universal , or it is n't freedom
2	yup that 's basically it look at ronald reagan and his embrace of " state 's rights " during the campaign against carter he spoke about " state 's rights " at various civil war memorials and it was understood by racists that he meant he would fight to keep the federal government from stopping their racism his numbers in the south went up greatly following his dogwhistles to racists these days the dogwhistles are aimed as much at homophobes as they are at racists , but still outside hardcore rand worshiping libertarian circles talk of " state 's rights " is basically codespeak for " i will let you rednecks fuck up any minority you hate " more to the point , the whole idea is just plain stupid people have rights legal fictions do not you 'd think that 'd be something libertarians would get , but apparently not and , frankly , i'm not at all sure that even in hardcore rand worshiping libertarian circles the dogwhistle aspect is n't part of the appeal ron paul certainly had and has no trouble courting the explicitly racist voter
2	in my state yes no federal agent has raided a dispensary or grow operation acting within colorado 's constitutional law while i agree that cannabis should be completely legal , the only places busted in colorado are those that are not acting within the laws colorado 's constitution provides
2	" do n't like federal hegemony ? well , you 're obviously a racist dog whistles " really classy
2	i agree with you somewhat , but i 'd rather have certain issues decided at the state level then the federal level it 's much easier to move to another state than to move to another country state powers have been used for good as well such as the fugitive slave act ( http en wikipedia org wiki fugitive slave act of <> )
2	this is my problem with ron paul and other strict state 's rights advocates if we decide that something should be legal like gay marriage or weed , why leave it up to the states to decide it , whats going to happen is you are going to have the ignorant ( more religious ) states making it illegal and punishable by death ( joke ) , while the more progressive states allow it its just creating huge inequalities in between the states , and say if a state bans abortions outright , are they allowed to prosecute people who leave the state to have an abortion in a state where it is legal ( similar things for other issues ) i just think that if we are going to say something is legal and we want to try to debunk and fix the ignorance around those issues as well , than what good is it to still allow some states to remain in the dark with their ignorant opinions about it so they can ignore the facts ? it seems like a step backwards to me
2	yeah i prefer my individual rights be protected by the federal government over being infringed by the state states governments of any form do n't have rights and they certainly do n't have the right to infringe on the natural rights of individuals tyranny at the hands of a state is not ok just because it is a state
4	i support states ' rights and the legalization of gay marriage and marijuana , and many other things i also think that decentralized government gives the people the most power to fight for what they want and believe in , which is what liberty is about that includes allowing some areas to ban marijuana if people consent to it large government is a tool for corporations
2	i hear you but the problem with that is per the constitution , the real one , the one you need , any rights not specifically delineated to the federal government are reserved by the states true liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group all citizens deserve the same protections , regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in that 's real liberty , not liberty defined by demographic
6	unbelievable what is this i do n't even this guy needs to be shut the fuck down
1	i fucking hate slippery slope arguments
2	" republicans are only for states rights when it suits them " , yes texas recently wanted to curtail the excesses of tsa searches , but the federal government would n't let them so all of this guy 's constituents need to be made aware he thinks everybody has to do whatever the federal government tells them to do
1	legalizing alcohol really made al capone and pals more powerful then ever ! not a day goes by that there is n't a gangland style shooting over selling moonshine !
6	i'm pretty sure almost every one of the points he brought up i 've seen disproved by reddit in the past few weeks
1	we need something like " scientific method " do be introduced to congress as in , if you spout bullshit , you have to prove your bullshit
1	fuck the fda they approve all kinds of pharmaceutics that allow doctors to push on children , but they wo n't even do studies on marijuana for adult cancer patients they are not looking out for the interest of people , they only look out for corporate interests
6	decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to greater profits for drug cartels this seems totally counter intuitive to me
1	thanks for the zipcode , i was looking for it so i could send an email i sent this " hello , just writing this to let you know how out of touch you are with what this country wants and needs voting under party lines and not with your heart is an abomination of what our forefathers founded this country on shutting down ron pauls attempt at rational thinking in the government is disappointing but hardly unexpected that fact that you really think marijuana has no medical uses shows that you have no use in a government position tell that to all the cancer patients that find ease in their procedures and radiation through the use of marijuana the fda has n't mandated any medical uses because the fda is tied to governmental funding funding that would not supply money for medical marijuana studies luckily , our friends across the ocean and other non profit organizations here have been doing plenty of tests instead of blindly dismissing something you are frightened by and know nothing about http medicalmarijuana procon org view resource php ? resourceid <> here is my source i am not writing this to bash you , your policies or your opinions , i am writing this to hopefully get you to open your eyes to a topic you obviously have n't even given a second look at whether it be for personal or political reason alcohol and tobacco kill hundreds of thousands of people a year and yet marijuana has exactly zero deaths attributed solely for its use so why exactly do you oppose it again ? oh yeah , because " people might get addicted ! " alert the presses , people can get addicted to anything there are plenty of people with damning addictions to video games and cheeseburgers should we go ahead and ban those things too ? open your eyes , sir , this country is changing for the better , but opinions and actions taken by people such as yourself , is what will hold back this country and keep the rest of the world laughing at us sincerely , a concerned american "
1	lamar smith you are an embarrassment to the republican party for not standing up for states ' rights and derailing ron paul 's bill to make marijuana a state issue stop being a neo conservative and stand up for our nation like our founding fathers who were willing to die for our freedom your callous actions destroy the liberty of thousands of lives every day
2	what an idiot legalizing marijuana would put those drug cartels out of business , not make them stronger why is this so hard to understand ?
4	this should be upvoted to the top , it made my emailing so much easier
6	i know we are filling up his voicemail and email , but are we having any real impact ? it seems like nothing will change his mind , and we 're just being annoying
2	i learned today that you played a role in blocking recent legislation brought by ron paul and barney frank that would be a step toward legalizing marijuana at the federal level as a texan , i am extremely disappointed in your action on this matter i am fully convinced that the " war on drugs " is a complete failure and new approaches need to be taken to treat those affected by drugs and its prohibition with wisdom , pragmatism and empathy i am no pro drug radical i am opposed to using marijuana personally and in my family i personally used it in my past during a low point in my life when i was young and it is something i am glad to have grown past and left behind the fact that it was illegal did not prevent my past use what prohibition did do was put my future at risk , and by the grace of god i was able to evade the worst prohibition has to offer , get cleaned up and become successful all the excessive criminalization of drug use in our country does is further marginalize and imprison the already poor and disadvantaged in our country decriminalization does not mean endorsement of drug use perhaps this is what needs to be made clear to the more reactionary constituents in our fair state decriminalization allows government control and tax over drug use , create economic incentives against it , and most importantly , take apart the organized criminal culture that has grown and adapted to its prohibition ok , i 'll admit it , i am outside your district , and i found a zip <> to get through your web form i feel bad about lying to your website , but i still think you should hear my opinion your actions still represent me nationally as a texan , and this is a matter i feel strongly about besides , the way we love to redistrict here in texas , you never know who you 'll get next !
6	all of them ? wow he has one for each of his branches the dc one was full last night , but the rest had room
2	you do know that your email will just get discarded or forwarded to your rep if you do n't live in his district , right ? all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
5	filling his mailbox is all well and good , but money talks and bullshit walks if you all really want to send a message that we wo n't tolerate these shenanigans donate to his opponent and make sure every one ( opponent , him and media ) knows where the surge of " green " is coming from and for why we have a big community here and if everyone can gush about pouring money into steam why do n't we also use reddit as a political tool <> each quit talkin ' and let 'em know
6	new target for lulzsec ?
4	facebook page http www facebook com lamarsmithtx21 edit people are bombarding him already good job ! edit2 good fb comment http www opensecrets org pacs lookup2 php ? strid c00366468 he is receiving money from the prison system , he is corrupt and only serves his own interests politicians such as lamar smith are disgusting and untrustworthy
3	being close to the border , this guy is probably in the pocket of the cartels himself not only would legalization cut down on illegal profit , federal enforcement could concentrate more on smuggling and border patrol
1	wow , i wrote this guy an email yesterday morning urging him to consider the bill and he pulls this shit ? what a fucking tool i 'll make sure that my email this time around is much more unpleasant
1	i decided to email this guy , although i'm not a drug user , i believe in doing what i feel is right hopefully my email was n't too i dunno ignorant what do you think ? i would like to start out by stating that i spent five years active duty army , as an airborne infantryman stationed at fort bragg , nc i have two combat tours to iraq i have never been in serious trouble with the law , and do not use drugs i joined the army to fight for those who could n't or would n't do it for themselves i joined to make a difference , and that is why i'm emailing your office today the issue i am writing about is the possible " shut down " of hr <> , as supported by congressmen frank barney and ron paul i think this legislation is a step in the right direction and would have positive impacts across the board i can see no logical reason for marijuana being outlawed the only arguments being brought up are about the " gateway " effect and possible increased violence i disagree completely on both counts marijuana is no more a gateway drug to addiction than wine coolers are a gateway drink to alcoholism people will decide for themselves if they imbibe , and to what levels having a wine cooler while relaxing does not give you an urge to seek out harder alcohol nor does it make you an alcoholic this " gateway " effect has never been proven in any scientific study i think it 's foolish , and quite ignorant to use this as the primary point of contention using the current violence caused by drug cartels in mexico as your secondary point of contention ( and your " ace in the hole " ) is very disingenuous this violence is due to the amount of violence being put forth by dea and narcotics agents it 's all reactionary if there were no programs out to stamp out the growth and sale of marijuana , there would be no need for the growers to " protect " themselves with arms having a legitimate business in the eyes of the law makes felonious characters behave in accordance with the laws so they can be protected like " normal " people overall , it 's just good business to legalize it , regulate it , and tax the ever living life out of it think of all the money that 's been thrown into this war on drugs think of all the people imprisoned for marijuana distribution and possession think of the bottom line on this issue money it 's all about money since it 's illegal , dealers and growers can charge whatever they want for it they make their own rules and rule the game with an iron fist and an itchy trigger finger i 've seen this type of thing in iraq the local citizens formed their own neighborhood security groups they would not ask questions , or act humanely to people in their neighborhoods doing anything remotely suspicious they acted with extreme prejudice and violence once we , the united states army , legitimized these neighborhood security groups , we gave them rules we told them not to murder people , but rather to detain them and bring them to the police for questioning violence dropped significantly , and people were less afraid to leave their homes increased security for the citizens , and less violence from the security groups is a small win we furthered the legitimacy of these groups by offering them positions on the police force ( with approval from the iraqi police commander ) after a period of time in the security group this helped to establish pride in their neighborhoods , and really gave the younger men something to look forward to they trusted us to help them in the beginning , but by the time my <> months were over , they trusted their police force as much as us the police force was manned by their friends , family and fellow citizens in order to quell the violence , you have to give legitimacy to the problem , and recognize it for what it is a business legalize their product and you 've eliminated half the problem as far as the negative effects of marijuana ( health related ) i was unable to find any evidence of longterm problems there 's a plethora of information regarding the dangers of alcohol and tobacco , but not really anything that shows marijuana to be a danger if marijuana was regulated the same as alcohol , i do n't see why it would be a problem legal to buy and consume , just not while driving or in public ( unless in a designated establishment ) i 'd like to reiterate that i do not use drugs of any kind i just feel this issue is a no brainer and i'm shocked that there is still such hostility toward a relatively harmless plant in the information age i seriously hope you do not let personal bias override logic and fairness as it pertains to this subject it would be a real shame if normal people that do n't even use drugs had to protest a decision regarding them thank you for your time
4	he is related to me and i sent him a lenghthy email this morning i'm in my <> 's and suspect that he will call my parents about my letter that will be hilarious ! upvote !
2	i am embarrassed he is my congressman i promise i did not vote for him in the last election
6	huh ? what do you mean ? surely you know the mexican cartels make huge from their clandestine tobacco grow operations and their whiskey distilleries !
2	i find it annoying that a single member of congress has the ability to stop proposals from being permitted to be debated on the floor of congress yet they will ignore national opinion on the subject and then most citizens have to lie to have a chance at their communication getting to his office , i highly doubt he will ever get your messages nor does he care i realize that members of congress can not read all the mail they receive but i doubt they even get a summary of the content ( pro con on an issue )
2	i tend to agree i do n't use or support use of drugs in any form or fashion barring medicinal that said , i find it highly hypocritical in nature to place prohibition on cannabis when more damaging drugs such as alcohol and tobacco are freely available and widely accepted it just does n't make any sense and only shows that there are hidden and not so much agendas at play here and as for medicinal use , it is preposterous to say that there is no such occurrence every drug and or its derivatives has medical use , be it alcohol , cocaine , or heroin marijuana is no different so it would be prudent to legalize it for the sake of common sense if nothing else
1	shutting down ron pauls attempt at rational thinking in the government and barney frank 's
4	great e mail i hope you do n't mind , i just copied yours directly
1	well i do n't know about the rest of you but i called all of his offices that he has and left a message ( that i do n't think he will get ) with his secretary and left <> voice mails on the two bottom locations i hope this helps in some way i said what this guy had wrote we must keep the pressure on these ignorant money hungry politician they will either give in or give up we just have to be relentless about our peaceful actions just call or write him her it only take a few mins out of your day !
6	anyone have an efax account ?
2	exactly alcohol is addicting for some people and just as detremental to their ability to be a productive member of society
2	he 's removed his facebook profile i 've also heard that his office is flat out refusing to take calls , saying they 're closed on a thursday afternoon
5	i left a comment on his page i am now blocked
5	i'm amazed that every single comment on his wall right now is calling him out on his " no " vote i wonder if we might actually get him to change his mind either that or how long until his wall is nothing but favorable posts from a week ago
6	link isnt working for me , and i searched his name and couldnt find it could it have been temporarily disabled or hidden ?
8	austin was split up into several separate districts ( currently three , i believe , but the proposal for the next redistricting is five districts ) , so that the democratic vote is diluted amongst the surrounding conservative rural areas
1	it actually angers me that he is ducking away like this what a cop out the fact that he is now hiding like this shows that he knows he is not acting in the best interest of anyone but a select few if he truly believed in what he did , he would be publicizing his actions , not hiding from them
2	i <> , which runs from the mexico border up through austin and san antonio , sees a lot of smuggling traffic , which means a lot of funding
1	this guy has four offices ? ! what the fuck does this asshat trouser stain need four fucking offices for ? ! last i checked texas still sucked so it does n't look like that money is doing the people of texas a whole lot of fucking good but we keep electing these assholes facepalm
1	we the people should really only have to give one stance on legalizing marijuana how in the hell can i go to the doctor and get prescribed <> <> pills of oxycodine oxycotton percocet etc with hardly even trying , yet i have to be on my death bed in order for me to get prescribed marijuana ? have these lowlife politicians ever seen the effects of pill use ? i have friends who were normal kids when we graduated high school its <> years later and you should see them now its sad and pathetic , i cant even hang out with them anymore its completely ridiculous how ignorant our " representatives " are
4	that 's hedley !
2	he looks like an older assholish neil patrick harris
6	why do n't people in his district get out on the streets and make some noise and cause some damage ? crying on the internet in emails will do absolutely nothing until they fear us , they own us
1	upboat upvote upgoat !
6	can anyone make a petition for people to sign ?
6	who is he running against ?
6	how did he block it ? committee member ? i need more information
6	that 's it i'm moving to canada who 's coming with ?
3	has anyone got a response from lamar yet ? we can bombard him all day long , but if does not respond then we will never know if his secretary is delegated to filter his email box for him he needs to be addressed in person via conference
1	email sent fuck this guy
1	it wo n't let me email the bastard ! ! ! edit i tried calling all <> of his offices and they wo n't even let me leave a message i am so pissed
2	here 's what i sent in , with a fake local zip i know lamar does n't read his own emails , that you 're just an intern or a lowly staffer , but you need to know that your boss has actively taken our country backwards you should seriously think about finding other more positive ways to spend your time than to work for a man who would rather keep spending money on the " war on drugs " then let marijuana be regulated by states drug use has not gone down , but our jail 's population has increased dramatically and we 've spent billions of dollars fighting against something that is less harmful addictive than alcohol or cigarettes you know this , because you 've probably smoked marijuana before , just like almost everyone else in this country tell him if you see him for me that he should rethink this bill for the thousands of lives that have been ruined by jail terms , families torn apart , the mexican cartels rise to dominance and a total lack of effectiveness of these policies as a man who pretends to want less government interference in his life , i would think he would see this but of course , who pays his bills ? pharmaceutical companies and liquor companies have a good day , you work for a footnote on the wrong side of history
6	how was he able to shut it down ?
6	i tried to email this guy from his website , but it forces you to put in a zip code , and then tells me i'm out of the district anyone have a legit email address ?
1	i say everyone mail him an envelope with flower in it just to freak him house dont put a return address on it obviously
4	just called his dc office mailbox full good job reddit !
8	i know , it was a total marathon trying to find it
2	and it 's worthless actions like this that ensure that the law on marijuana wo n't change for decades to come
2	actually there is evidence see my comment in response to thejeffa above there have been <> studies done about the united states , the united states is a unique country with a unique population and a unique stigma of drug use it is impossible , i repeat , impossible to know how decrim here in the u s would compare to other countries but portugal did experience fairly significant increase in usage that trended back down over the years its still to early to tell what the long term effects will be , they are only in the first decade and the reduction in drug related deaths from the onset has already diminished back to where it was before i wrote more details in my other comment response to the jeffa i am not against decrim , i'm not defending the quote in the op , i'm just pointing out what we know and what we do n't know about what the effects might be as i said in my original comment i think the increase would be negligible , especially in the long term
6	i agree , if people want it they will get it anyway
4	good point cheezmeister the amount of people in government who have had influence on bills laws decisions that directly benefit major corporations where those who had the influence either came from or go to those same corporations is dizzying the government may as well be known as a staffing firm for the current corporatocracy just doing inter office transfers between corporations whether it is goldman sachs , monsanto , comcast , etc they come and go and make millions screwing the general public short term and long term
1	great gerrymandering genitalia ! !
6	what more of a lobby does the cannabis group need ? the last three presidents all have admitted to taking weed two out of the three actually inhaled what more endorsements do you need when presidents from both parties , partied ? for that third guy , i am not sure how you smoke w o inhaling
6	well hes right in his second quote that decriminalizing probably would lead to increased use i disagree because there is absolutely no evidence that legalization leads to increased use if you consider holland where marijuana has been excepted for quite some time you would come to the opposite conclusion because marijuana use among the dutch is less prevalent than it is among americans
2	without being fed propaganda and stigmatizations jesus , you ca n't get information about anything without it being tainted by a special interest group something like weed is never going to get a fair go
1	i ca n't believe we even have to sit here and waste our time over this there is no debate as far as i'm concerned , it 's all a bunch of political bullshit and everyone knows it
5	uhh , i hate to tell you this but the slave states were the ones opposed to states rights that 's because every time a slave escaped to the north , and a southern state wanted to force that northern state to return the slave the northern state would declare that they had no obligation to , because of states rights the southern states were deeply resentful of the northern states not returning the slaves , but the thing that really forced the succession and the resentment , and the civil war revolved around federal tariffs that kept them from competing with the north in sum , the federal government had too much control over the states
2	i remember a paper my friend did back in college it dealt with the removal of obscenity laws in denmark ( i think ) right after it happened , porn sales went through the roof in following years porn sales and even rape and molestation declined at the time he did his paper ( early <> ) the average response from residents when asked about porn was " boring " taboos make things more tantalizing and dirty
8	when arguing for this bill simply cite drunk driving vs stoned driving not many pot smokers going <> in a porsche and killomg themselves and other people
2	i acknowledge that it is harmful to a degree i know you 're trying to be fair , but all you 're doing is giving them a talking point " see ! even potheads admit it 's dangerous ! "
6	i do n't know why you got down voted for making an important distinction
1	maybe he wants the jails to be filled with as many prisoners as possible , violent or not he 's received <> , <> ( http www opensecrets org pacs lookup2 php ? strid c00366468 ) from corrections corp of america in <> alone edit crap , i ca n't find where i saw that information and it looks like i may be incorrect you guys can have your karma back ( buuuut , on a side note , i'm positive that he received <> , <> ( http www opensecrets org politicians industries php ? type i & cid n00001811 & newmem n & recs <> & cycle <> ) , not including pac contributions , in <> <> from pharma companies , another industry that would take a huge hit of mj was legalized can i keep half of this karma , pleaaaase ?
1	well , he 's probably being flooded with requests , there was no guarantee he would read it at all or click on any links even if he did there 's likely very little chance he will care even if he does read it these people do n't get into office by being open minded usually they get into office because they have these ' feelings ' on a subject and their constituents like these feelings if i actually did get the chance to talk to him and if he ever asked me to back it up , i would
1	see that pisses me off because it means that this shithead in texas is making decisions that affect me so he needs to buck the fuck up and read his emails
4	i live in his district that should n't be an issue thanks for the tip though )
8	so am i crazy because i think the department of homeland security is worthless ? i consider myself to be libertarian to a point no i do n't think all government is bad , there are areas they need to regulate do we need the department of homeland security ? hell no you can thank them for the tsa freedom fondling and spending time and our tax dollars tracking down copyright infringing websites rather than actually tackling real threats all i want is to cut the useless spending on worthless bullshit and actually direct government spending towards useful things
6	i 've been following politic since the <> the republican party then was just as full of nut cases as it is now there was no infiltration nixon was into big government and imperialist wars , and against civil liberties so was reagan so was ford and bush i so where are these " real " conservatives ? barry goldwater in his later years , always on the fringe of his party ?
6	bush administration reagan administration ? nixon administration ?
8	it also makes darkies want to fuck white girls
2	all of this and more some people just have an affinity for money that i will never know , and never want to there 's a reason why so many of these people obtain elected positions most elections are won by whoever has and spends the most money for example , look at the u s presidential election it is one of the most gaudy political spectacles you will ever see in the <> u s presidential election , barrack obama bought his <> , <> , <> voters a subway cold cut combo meal john mccain was n't as wealthy and , as such , only bought his <> , <> , <> voters just the cold cut combo ( http en wikipedia org wiki fundraising for the <> united states presidential election ) i propose there be a limit to how much you can spend on election to any public office that would be so much more fun to see just hand each candidate <> and let them have at each other somewhat hard to hide your true self when there are n't fifty advisers telling you who to be and non stop television adverts smearing your opponents
3	actually vegas was a lot more super awesome back when the mob owned it
8	to be fair , the mafia is a joke compared to drug cartels
6	they pay taxes , do n't they ? and there are n't a whole lot of turf war drive by shootings anymore is n't that a hell of a lot better than burning money by the truckload to actually expand the criminal underworld ?
5	this is the most frustrating thing when trying to get people to vote for limited government people for some reason everyone imagines if one gets elected it means they would dismantle absolutely all of any form of government overnight
2	look if you want to make a difference <> ) go to the primary before he gets on the gop vs dem ballot <> ) vote him out the primaries are where the power is once you get to the full election your vote is diluted
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
2	<> offices for <> government employee yep , right on track with that wasting the tax payers money plan
1	someone message lulsec and have them shut his page !
1	this is the same asshole that does n't want me to be able to have an abortion if i ever needed one ! ugh ! he makes me hate being a texan
5	lamar 's secretary aide is going to take all of these emails , put them into a folder labeled " stoners " then that folder is going to go into the recycling bin not to be recycled , no no that bin is going to be emptied i applaud you all for your enthusiasm in wanting to tell off lamar the propensity to want to just write what 's on your mind and throw it at somebody , regardless of whether or not they will listen , is probably what got you onto reddit in the first place sadly i just do n't think this will have any effect just being pragmatic the dude is from texas , he does n't want to be " soft on weed " which is also connected to mexicans , who texans hate , and to non christian family values , which texans love rough shit
5	i am jack 's complete lack of surprise
1	mexicans , who texans hate fuck off with the generalizations bro
6	i'm a half beaner texan , and a non christian what do ?
8	this is a job for anon , not lulsec lulsec is a bunch of douchebag <> year olds who only want to wreak havoc but anon has , with increasing frequency , become a politically oriented force
6	are they kinda like my personal army ?
5	as long as the states allow due process and provide equal rights i agree with this due process under the law is absolutely essential in a free and open society ( that was tough to type ) i'm confused by this is banning building mosques denying individual rights ? it is or is it ok because the state is going after a group ? imho it is not ok if either a state or a federal government discriminates how about jailing women for miscarriages ? this is what happens when democrats re legitimize rank and file gop
1	freedom includes the freedom to live by the rules of your community i believe no government should ban marijuana , but as the law stands , the federal government has no legitimate power to compel states to keep it legal nor does it have the legitimate power to compel most of the things it does
8	fighting is what you have to do when you have large government , because it always falls to interests of people you disagree with the fed should be as weak as practical and do only what is necessary for our national defense , and let the people of the states determine on their own the best course of action and laws for themselves
1	if you disagree with this man , look at chicago and illinois and then go fuck yourself , that is if you still disagree
8	i think you 're kind of missing the point a smaller government would allow the private sector to take over what used to be government run thus allowing them more control directly as opposed to indirectly through the government at least make them jump through some hoops and leave some evidence before they can control our lives
8	not necessarily true average lifespan was very short compared to now , but that 's largely due to extremely high infant mortality bringing the average down
2	and i value a government that works , which is why i do n't give a shit about doing anything against the one we got stuck with )
1	i grew up in la i'm well of aware of just how badly herr vitter needs to be fucking shot it sad that vitter can rise to a position of power , even in la
1	by declaring them an enemy of the state and unpatriotic then , when no one 's looking , we 'll be back to assfucking america for nickels from our paymasters the politicians claiming to be republicans
2	the difference is , the shithead in maine is just sponsoring a bill that 's fine people can sponsor a bill about whatever they like but the second it got to committee , it was rejected straight away , rejected based on his incorrect beliefs i know this shit happens all the time i'm just disgusted with it
4	yes editing my original comment to reflect that thank you
1	i just moved to austin from abilene and a few years ago we got royally fucked by tom delay when he got our congressman gerrymandered out it is a blatant attempt to take away the right of each person 's vote to count and it makes me ill that they no longer have to hide it
6	then you 're saying the republicans are in fact the majority , in which case , why complain that the representative is republican ?
2	what 's frustrating is that no one can legally refute the claim that it is dangerous or addictive because it is a schedule <> drug , which makes it difficult ( if not impossible ) to do laboratory tests or tests on human subjects the precedent has been set that it is harmful , and it is classified in such a way that you ca n't ever disprove its harmfulness i think that it needs to be re scheduled as a lower class of drug and studied , and that after we get a serious peer reviewed study that shows its relative lack of harmfulness , it should be brought to the floor of the senate having smoked marijuana many times , i acknowledge that it is harmful to a degree i would n't say that smoking is a healthful experience but that its current legal status has no relation with how harmful it is future generations will look back at us and wonder what the <> <> centuries had against thc , an arbitrary pick for the villain in a war on drugs
6	well hes right in his second quote that decriminalizing probably would lead to increased use , especially at first ( how much , there is really no way of knowing i postulate it would be pretty negligible ) and thus probably would also translate into higher profits for drug cartels agreed , that is why we need full scale legalization then it can be properly regulated , people can be properly fairly educated on it without being fed propaganda and stigmatizations , cartels lose one of their biggest cash crops , more medical research can be done freely , sufferers of the numerous current symptoms that it treats can get relief without fear of legal repercussion , people could actually get a job without worrying about a drug test that only punishes people who smoke pot ( omg it helps unemployment too ? again the effect would be very negligible but still interesting i think ) oh and for the gov it can be taxed just like cigarettes with an enforced age limit , penalties applied for smoking in public places in your car , and restricted in certain areas establishments
2	free country people who have the right to do whatever they like to themselves in a free country the government should work with the " drug cartels " of the us cannibus industry i am sure most of them would be really happy to spend more of their money on frivilous things here in the us the growers would even be willing to pay a bit of taxes on the money they spend , just so they can spend it without fear of violating some tax law lets face it , i can not fathum a us connoisseur of weed growing supporting gun running into mexico i mean seriously mexico ca n't grow good weed , period they can just grow a lot of it there would be no more money going into mexico for weed if people were allowed to grow it in their basement without fear of going to jail on a side note i believe cocaine should be legalized in the same arena except a sidebar about letting people legally bring it into the country , some sort of chemical quality control check you 'll find that the dutch do n't abuse their moderately accepted drugs it 's the people from forign countries who do n't have the option at home they travel to holland and get f ' ed up for their first time , or over dose due to ignorance
1	" the food and drug administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease " well no shit sherlock , it 's fucking illegal !
1	how the fuck can this guy get elected ? he does n't now shit what he 's talking about
1	" state 's rights " has never been anything but dogwhistle for " fuck up the niggers and faggots "
1	we should really viral some prohibitionist lamar smith memes about the internet should know what he 's done !
1	i agree he is an asshole if marijuana has no medical uses , why is marinol , synthetic thc , legal and accepted as having medicinal uses but the natural form of the substance illegal and deemed as not having medical applications ? smith said that marijuana leads to other drugs i guess smith is n't familiar with this risk of marijuana 's ' gateway effect ' overblown http www sciencedaily com releases <> <> <> htm what a prick !
2	wow the guy sounds like a robot built in the <> 's that has n't learned anything new since then " marijuana is bad do n't do drugs stay in school " ( btw , i wrote that in robocop 's voice )
1	emailed even though only your staff will read this as you continue your ignorant campaign against common sense , i feel compelled to tell you how utter disappointed i am in your ability to rationalize and understand the world around you your recent decision against rep frank and rep paul 's recent bill hr2306 is completely unfounded marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the u s , is an out right lie marijuana has never been shown to have any addictive properties and the only potential for abuse exists because it is forced into the underground market , something you are now officially perpetuating that also applies to the theory of it being a gateway drug the only thing it is a gateway to is the black market , once again because it is forced there by you and your cronies decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the u s mexico border , is yet another complete lie around the world this has been proven wrong the dutch are known to have a massive heroin epidemic , but when the government moved to legalize that and other drugs , every single negative aspect attributable to the drug use , death , spreading disease , rising uptake by younger people declined directly as a result and they are far from the only country to try this and find the same result leaders and former leaders across the world have spoken out against this nonsense from jimmy carter to kofi annan , whom you may recognize as a former us president and the former secretary general of the un take off your blinders , stop being ignorant , and do what is right both for americans and america you make me ashamed to be a texan
8	i will concede that it is highly unlikely , and he may very well just be a staunch believer in prohibition but you cannot deny that prohibition is mainly in the best interest of drug cartels , and i'm sure they support politicians who vote to keep or strengthen such laws whether the contributions are known or unknown
4	it 's a bingo !
4	i used his home address , lol
4	nice try , intern
5	usually when a subject is n't debatable they know they will lose this upsets the hell out of me
1	where is idrawyourcomment when you need him ? !
4	thanks !
4	so finally , the internet has made a congressman delete his own facebook page achievement unlocked
1	oh fucking please god
2	oh please lulzsec , this republican is as dirty as they come
2	he leads the committee he just wo n't ever debate the bill
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
1	well he is a dick
1	he 's a republican , he does n't have a dick worthy of a picture tiny balls too
6	do these people vote ?
2	he 's a republican , he would n't resign if there were pics of him doing scat porn with shemales in a gangbang while taking heroin and lighting <> dollar notes in the shape of the american flag on fire
6	he won last year , no opponent has come forward , and lainey melnick has not been active recently
1	norml should just contribute to his fucking campaign apparently if we just buy out the republicans we will win to the donation tin everyone ! ( http norml org index cfm ? group id <> )
5	slightly unrelated , but i love trolling strong christians with " if women were n't meant to have sex at a young age , why would god have made them sexually mature at that age ? " to this day i have yet to have a person come back with anything other than " as a test " or other bs feel free to steal this troll , just make sure the troll ee does n't think you 're a pedo that could end badly
2	slippery slope arguments " allowing x would be ok but for the fact that y and z could happen thereafter "
1	" i am not a member of representative your district , however i and many thousands of internet users have collectively decried your senseless killing of the bill hr2306 it is quite apparent that your position is based on the tautology that marijuana is bad because it 's bad the only reasons you cite are all either false or only true because the government actively quashes any domestic research that would lead to the obvious answer that marijuana is far less of a domestic health concern than alcohol , and in fact has several valid medicinal uses , as well as being the most harmless recreational substance consumed by human beings far less harmful to one 's health than alcohol , tobacco or even caffeine your statement that marijuana leads to other drugs is one of the biggest fallacies spread by politicians in an attempt to scare parents the causation and correlation here is beyond gummed up currently yes marijuana leads to other drugs this is not due to the substance itself but due to the underground black market culture to which the government has relegated it 's sale and cultivation marijuana does not lead to other drugs , spending too much time dealing with criminals does legalizing marijuana would solve that problem pretty fast i further question the logic of why , in these economic times , a republican would oppose the creation of a multibillion dollar industry which could lead to an immense revenue stream for the federal government legalization would literally bring the mexican drug cartels to their knees it is quite obvious that supporters of the war on drugs do not have the public 's best interest at heart as it only perpetuates crime and costs the american taxpayers billions of wasted dollars your conduct reveals an utter desire to remain in your seat instead of a willingness to do what 's right and practical "
6	what did he say ? i ca n't find a link
6	" if you are unqualified your vote is dismissed " ? how would you get elected if you 're an expert stoner ?
6	ya they all moved to vegas what kind of super awesome town would the cartels make
2	first thing to do is follow the money , you can look at that here ( http www opensecrets org politicians summary php ? cid n00001811 & cycle <> ) you 'll see that in <> <> campaign his <> biggest contributor was lawyers , i doubt they want less laws i hear numbers that <> of people in our prisons are there for drug violations , lawyers would lose a large part of their business those with enough money do n't go to jail for drug violations his fifth largest contributor is the drug companies combining contributions for the two accounts for about <> <> of the money he raised for the campaign the two combined would make them his largest contributor we do n't know how much benefit he received by junkets , jobs for family friends , briefcase of cash , etc i find it suspicious not to see security military organizations listed in his top twenty contributors border states also love to use marijuana to vilify immigrants , this played a part in originally making marijuana illegal
2	and hence lies the problem tobacco companies i'm sure have done studies on the feasibility of growing and distributing mj but they know that if it was legal that anyone could grow it , and cut into their profits they could n't be guaranteed a sole line of distribution like they have with cigarettes so of course they lobby against it
6	if a tobacco company decided that they wanted to start growing and selling mj why do n't they ? the government seems intent on shutting them down would n't they like a market to move into ? why are n't tobacco companies lobbying for marijuana legalization ?
8	yeah , but look at the district map he also represents bandera and comal counties , as well as a large swath of the hill country all of which have large populations of poor , white christian voters as a san antonio resident , i feel your pain just do n't forget this asshole 's name on voting day
3	" i want smaller federal government except when it comes to gay marriage , abortion , and marijuana legalization " do n't forget about religion , language , and the first and fourth amendments
1	pester his interns that 'll teach him ! !
1	maybe , but he 'll definitely give a flying fuck if every one of his branch phones are ringing off the hook and all his mailboxes are full and cant hear people from the <>
6	he is chairman of the committee , he has decided that the bill wo n't be heard how is it naive to believe that he is stopping this ?
6	it 's pretty amazing how long the gop has been able to use that line and continually act in the exact opposite way , without any significant number of their electorate adherents noticing
2	this ia exactly the problem with our news media they parrot politicians ' rhetoric instead of reporting what they 're actually doing
6	you know , he may never read a single email letter we send him , but there is one group of people that can really attract his attention lulzsec , do us a favor prove that you 're useful
4	i find it amusing you think this will do anything what do you think matters more to this guy , the millions he makes by staying in good with the tobacco , pharmacy , and alcohol industries , or the few thousand emails his staff will have to sift through
1	this guy 's district contains the richest parts of austin damn tom delay and his partisan redistricting of texas damn lamar smith and his shit eating grin
1	he probably keeps his stash in the basement of the alamo fucking hypocrite
6	like he 's going to give <> shits what us commoners think
4	interesting the us government has a patent on the use of cannabis for medical treatment two faced rat fucking bastards sorry , the mask slipped a bit
2	i'm not a pot smoker but this pisses me off smoking pot is way less dangerous than drinking alcohol or smoking cigarettes , and all the myths are out there to keep pot illegal kills brain cells , etc
2	texas the reason why the u s ca n't have nice things
5	just emailed my rep and both my senators i am not optimistic on the effects , but i feel a little better knowing i gave my two cents it would help if they gave a damn what we had to say
6	so , you agree with china then that they merely have a different definition of freedom ? that we evil americans should n't insist on the freedom of people to say what they want , because in china they merely believe in the " freedom " not to have their minds contaminated by different thoughts ? yesh remind me to never , ever , count on libertarians to be allies in any fight for freedom
6	hrm looks like the removed the posts off the wall and put up his own propaganda
3	someone entice anon to attack
6	most chill place on the planet ? hah nowhere else do i find people as rabid about their opinions
4	i like how he shoots down the regulation of marijuana , however i just read yesterday about the <> some odd tigers they have in texas alone gtfo
6	i would think an ex toker like him would be ok with this i guess money from the pic is more important these days
6	will the reddit community actually do anything ? i'm willing and able to assist with whatever needs
2	r politics , " the most chill place on the planet " ? suddenly , i want to quit smoking weed
6	ah , i see well in the spirit of missing the joke , i should also point out that one of the co sponsors of the bill is a representative in texas
4	wow , the " <> , try once more " rule of thumb seems to be quite borked today
2	sure , the conservative vote is somewhat diluted too lamar smith was elected with only <> of the vote last election instead of the <> he would have gotten if austin were n't part of his district since american elections are first past the post , that kind of dilution does n't weaken his political position at all
5	sad part is , i live in la and i 've met david vitter he 's definitely a pompus ass i showed up at a restaurant to listen to him speak since my dad is a councilman and was invited to attend while he was giving his speech , he was talking about family values and such so i texted my dad and said " i wonder if he was thinking about his family values while he was screwing all those whores in the dc prostitution ring " he lol 'd
6	that may be true , but correlation does not imply causation
2	that 's nice i value equal representation , so i'm not going to commit light fraud
4	i'm glad to hear there 's <> people in the house , so i figured that odds are you were n't
4	fyi you are the target of a r libertarian crosspost downvote party http www reddit com r libertarian comments i889f rpolitics on states rightsfacepalm hi r libertarian , welcome to the party and please try to add something other than a flood of up down votes
3	in the past probably right now more than ever , we need them because the federal government is even more out of touch than the states
4	welcome to politics
6	did you miss the cheney administration ?
2	he 's a republican douchebag with a long history of douchebaggery this would be the exact thing to expect from lamar smith he gets elected because republican douchebaggery continues to have a strong voice in texas check out rick perry 's current god shit oh , and tom delay ? ' nuff said
2	if you do n't live in his district , whatever you say write will be passed along to your local rep if you do not give your home address , it 'll be thrown out all you 're doing is creating busy work for his interns
2	they have either made the profile private already or deleted it , i ca n't get facistbook to go there at all
1	come on , i seriously doubt that as someone who lives in austin , smith may be a total douchebag , but he is n't a pawn for the drug cartels if you 're going to make a wild accusation like that , at least back it up with some data
1	i am in his district he is n't he 's just a doofus dumbass
4	being close to the border , this guy is probably in the pocket of the cartels himself ding ding ding ! we have a winner !
6	i just want to point out that i hardly drink alcohol anymore after becoming a pot head seriously , i cant believe people are afraid of pot
4	there 's little to know lamar smith is a texan republican in the rick perry vein it is absolutely no surprise to anyone , particularly from central texas , that he said what he said and did what he did feel free to reason all you want with these people i 'll even bet he could finish your statements for you wo n't matter , because he 's a texas neocon , corporatist , pseudo conservative , christian " values " douchebag no different than rick perry or tom delay he will act accordingly
5	what 's annoying me more is that he 's a politician openly stating what he based his decision on , which are essentially unsubstantiated and wrong facts , everything he said was shit tier science i wouldnt care if this bill wouldnt pass , as long as there is a good reason not to , however , the fact that everything he said can be discredited as false reasoning makes me rage at the thought that openly unqualified people are enabled to decide on shit like this seriously , would it be too much to ask for a system for politicians that says " if you are unqualified your vote is dismissed " ? how the fuck is this happening ? laws with federal wide impact being decided on reasoning that has been proven false for fucking decades raaaage
6	i checked out his issues page , he seems to be the most generic person ever does n't even mention drugs so i do n't really understand why he 's so invested in keeping marijuana illegal
3	because the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms has done a ( hypothetical ) study that proves it is nessecary for the federal government to regulate guns for whatever reason ( i know , bad example , its the point that counts ) it is a bad example i do n't think you could really prove that federal gun regulation is better than state given that , most gun regulation is done by the states then would he believe in state rights ? yes
2	he 's a hypocrite of the worst kind and a corporate shill in congressional clothing there you now know all you 'll ever need to know about this shithead
8	sounds a lot like 'if we allow gay marriage , soon men will be able to marry little girls ' argument which republicans favor granted , if people took the time to read their laws , men are already allowed to marry little girls if her parents approve , making this ' argument ' against gay marriage all the more pathetic
4	i love how these clowns can make streaming movies a felony because that is apparently a " bi partisan issue , " but as soon as something lacking a giant lobby comes across their desk it ca n't even make it to the floor for a vote and to kill it by citing illogical , disproven nonsense just salts the wounds if a tobacco company decided that they wanted to start growing and selling mj , this asshole would draft a decriminalization bill tomorrow and he 'd probably throw in a nice tax break and a few subsidies in the process
2	if that one single goofy looking congressman stopped it , then the bill had no legs anyway it 's so silly to blame one dude for halting the legislation by silly , i mean naive
1	just so you know , bush is from connecticut ( http politicalhumor about com library images blbushconnecticutwelcome htm ) but yeah , a lot of fucktards come from here
1	be polite !
2	this story should be " congressman on the take from prison and beer companies shuts down debate on drug war "
1	i find shit like this to be fucked up beyond measure we elect these cocksuckers to represent the will of the people and all they end up doing is representing their own ideas and pushing their own beliefs through government seriously , get out of your cocoon of ignorance , realize why you were elected , and do your job prick
6	wow , that ended a lot sooner than expected okay folks , now is the time to pool our efforts in a productive manner might i suggest we contact the news radio station listed on his facebook page , w o a i ( http radio woai com pages contactus html ) and unanimously voice our thoughts on what has transpired perhaps someone knows someone in the san antonio area with news media contacts ?
1	nothing will change the peoples desire to use marijuana , and right now everyone who wants it can get it the only people who loose are those unlucky enough to get caught , and government tax revenue not collected i really do want to pay taxes !
4	email sent ! ! !
6	i know this is the most chill place on the planet you lost , bro ?
1	fuck you texas ! and fuck your lone star beer !
1	dang , his san antonio office is like <> minutes from my parents might have to havea mini picket protest ( aka just me ) next time i go visit that 'll show him !
2	his facebook page http www facebook com lamarsmithtx21 ? sk wall you have to " like " him temporarily to post to his wall
4	g 'd ay , sir there 's some opportunity in your body of work today
1	true liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group all citizens deserve the same protections , regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in exactly that 's what the real constitution guarantees , and that 's what the fake state pseudo constitutions do n't to begin with ( texas explicitly forbids me from holding office ) and since they can be changed at the whim of a simple majority they can never be said to really protect rights
1	any rights not specifically delineated to the federal government are reserved by the states as long as the states allow due process and provide equal rights true liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group all citizens deserve the same protections , regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in that 's real liberty , not liberty defined by demographic i'm confused by this is banning building mosques denying individual rights ? or is it ok because the state is going after a group ? how about jailing women for miscarriages ?
1	any rights not specifically delineated to the federal government are reserved by the states states are n't people states are governments people have rights , governments have powers the tenth amendment states the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people you 'll notice it uses the word " powers " , not " rights " that " states rights " advocates make their case using this highly orwellian term is red flag number one that they consistently fail to acknowledge the " or to the people " clause , as well as the entirety of the ninth amendment , is red flag number two as per the constitution , us citizens have rights , both enumerated in the bill of rights and non enumerated the federal government is granted powers states get the powers not delegated to the federal government but still ca n't violate individual rights the federal government has consistently though imperfectly been a better protector of individual rights and the equal protection thereof than the states
2	i also think that decentralized government gives the people the most power to fight for what they want and believe in , which is what liberty is about i think you have an odd definition of liberty liberty is about living free fighting is what you do when you do n't have liberty
1	why ? freedom is universal , or it is n't freedom why should changing postal districts have anything , anything at all , to do with what freedoms i have ? i am a citizen of the nation called the united states of america , i expect certain freedoms to exist wherever i go within that nation i do not , and should not , expect that my freedoms will be curtailed just because i change zip codes how about we set it up so you do n't have to move to another postal district just because some people in that area are fucktards ? why bother with a constitution if we 're going to rule that the postal districts can wipe their asses with it and deny us the freedoms enshrined therein ?
6	look how huge our gov ' t is now guess who controls our gov ' t corporations
2	er , that makes you an anti federalist
3	limited government is really based on the idea that people will stand up and " govern " things if you deprive them of the governmental parental figure corporations ca n't control things if people do n't give them their money is the idea and if people could n't rely on the government to monitor and protect them then they would take that upon themselves for instance if reddit users decided a corporation was performing evil deeds they would spread the word via reddit and then on to their friends and families it 's the idea of participation and self governance , that we the people need to take charge of our own lives even us die hard libertarians realize this would take time and a shifting of culture , but it used to work fairly well for as limited as communications and civilian collaboration was , but i think with today 's technology it 's actually a " long term " viable solution
6	huh ? what , do you think the fed 's weed prohibition is protecting you from the big bad corporations ( which ones , exactly , and what precisely do they control ) ? no , seriously , you really think the government is the last bastion between relative freedom and corporate dystopia ? heck , corporations already control the government through lobbies and other bs that i ca n't believe we tolerate just look at this pinhead 's campaign contributions ( http www opensecrets org politicians summary php ? cid n00001811 ) i do n't know who else is in lamar 's pocket , but i can guarantee you it 's not bob marley corporations cannot , however , control you and me , with only two exceptions by vegatative zombification through ads , or indirectly through the government as mentioned limited government prevents corporations controlling everything by preventing the government from controlling everything your comment is a contradiction on several levels tl dr think for yourself , foo ' , do n't let uncle sam do it for you and think before you comment ( or vote ) rant over come to think of it , perhaps all we need is a good cannabis lobby redditors , feel like collectively bribing some government officials ?
8	limited government with corporate control is n't that bad , they just cannot be above the laws set by the people they have to be accountable perhaps even more accountable than any civilian
4	imagine joe mccarthy dragging cabinet members into hearings and demanding that they publicly disavow the works of groucho marx , and you get a rough idea of the general style of bachmannian politics hahahahaha
6	wait did i just watch a fucking interview on fox that had salient points in it ?
2	i hate when politicians call it an entitlement program we pay into social security , and we pay taxes to pay for these programs they are services that we the tax payer fund , and most of them ca n't understand that
6	if social security were funded through direct payments that funded a combination disability insurance and retirement annuity , that would be one thing but , my understanding is that that 's not the way it works are you saying that the social security payments that come out of our paychecks ( along with the employer contribution ) covers the program entirely ?
8	i would like to point out that dictators also do the following <> eat <> sleep <> pee <> drive <> talk just because a dictator does something does not make that thing inherently evil
5	yes it is supposed to but like spamdefender pointed out politicians take money from it
4	yes it does and it also has produced a massive surplus which politicians occasionally dip into to fund other projects in it 's current state , there is enough money to fund social security through <>
8	there was no meltdown in nebraska you forget that millions of people live right by those two plants trust me , there is no coverup that is even possible at that size or the ussr would have done it with things like chernobyl not to mention the people i know that live nearby and the nytimes covering it and the local news there covering it you 're just looking for disaster porn at this point
6	yes i have heard about nebraska 's power plant issues what now ?
8	there has not been a meltdown at the nebraska plant ( at least that any respected organization has reported ) the obama regime has ordered a total and complete news blackout relating to any information regarding the near catastrophic meltdown of the fort calhoun nuclear power plant located in nebraska even your sensationalized article states it was a near meltdown not a meltdown as stated in your headline the cooling of the nebraska plant went offline for an insignificant amount of time ( <> minutes ) and caused the cooling pool to rise by something like <> degrees ( f ) from <> to <> ( f ) the point ? meltdowns of this nature , in this type of reactor , require that the coolant boils off and subsequently exposes the fuel rods that happens at <> ( f ) the problem was fixed in an hour they could have probably had the cooling systems off for hours ( the reactor is apparently designed to run for <> hours with the cooling system offline ) and have been okay assuming a consistent increase of <> degrees ( f ) per hour , ( which of course is bad science math , but should give an idea of how much of a non event the fire was ) the plant would 've taken <> hours to overheat tldr op 's article has no mention of a meltdown actually occurring additionally , if the official story is true the reactor was no where near melting down edit fixed some typos
6	i read the supposedly " bonkers " post and i do n't know what people are complaining about , so perhaps someone could explain this to me the problem with adams is i do n't really know what he 's trying to get at and the problem with jezebel is she 's a knee jerk reactionist who is only adept at creating strawmen their arguments stink they do n't understand each other i do n't understand them it 's just a bunch of babble punctuated by talking past each other maybe one day they 'll stop pontificating about shit that does n't make sense and ask each other questions to get to the heart of the matter , but for now i see two people talking just to hear themselves talk
4	i 've long been suspicious of adams and his intentions as a comic artist , and never much of a fan of dilbert ( even before i thought of the strip or adams in a political sense ) i do recommend this book about dilbert , though i have it and would give it <> <> stars definitely worth the read , and in light of some of adams ' recent bullshit , i think the author 's conclusions hit the mark more than ever http www amazon com trouble dilbert corporate culture laugh dp <> ref sr <> <> ? s books & ie utf8 & qid <> & sr <> <>
2	the jezebel post is pure feminist bile the first comment is especially funny , because he babbles about how women are " subjugated into a lack of education " when in reality women are earning college degrees at a higher rate than men are there is no serious denial of the mental ability of women anymore , at least not in professional and educational venues maybe down at the bar in any case , adams is a jackass our capacity for thought as a species would take us beyond what people call our " nature " if we would only foster that growth
5	i know i 'll live to regret this ( well maybe i 'll live ) , but i'm in total agreement with williams when talking about present day western society i'm in total agreement with adams when talking about the whole of humanity over the whole of known history face it , we 're mostly the descendents of rapists
2	i think adams has said some dumb things at times , but williams is absolutely bound and determined to misrepresent misinterpret every single thing he says if she 's so convinced he 's wrong , then she should try to have an adult debate and let him hang himself right now she 's muddling it and not accomplishing anything besides making publicity for herself
2	gosh i knew scott adams was frequently pompous and stupid one of those embarrassing cases of a creator being a disappointment in comparison with his creations but i would have thought that if he was going to discuss the topic of rape , he would try to do it in an informed way , and with at least some respect i guess i gave him too much credit he comes across as feeling that because he thinks he is very clever and rational , he does n't actually have to be polite or engage with other people 's arguments in good faith it 's pretty loathsome to see him being , by turns , facetious and cranky about something so sensitive and important called on his ignorance and entitled navel gazing , he squirms through the old " i'm just a comedian " defense , then tries to pretend that he is the rational man ( " the science is on my side " um , no , scott , you clearly do n't know the first thing about rape ) what a horrible , horrible person
8	he is a great candidate , and could actually be fairly good on either side of the d r aisle he is intelligent , has reasonable policies , good speaking skills , understands national and international reality however , he does n't currently have the required level of insanity ( either religious , warmonger or economic ) that all of the current republican candidates seem to need at the moment this will be his biggest barrier to acceptance in the conservative camp
6	since lincoln ? a reach for sure , but an interesting read
6	wow ron paul has pulled in <> from the marijuana lobby since <> quite the haul
2	ever think that this is because these two men already say " crazy " things in congress and fight for the tough issues ? if they gave their lobbying money ( all <> of it ) to some other dude , he would probably just take it and never even offer real support they would make an off hand comment to a local hack and then let it all die down while avoiding calls from the lobbyists this is a positive story framed as a negative one
1	no shit ? i interviewed a chamber of commerce lobbyist the other day and he said his organization regularly sends checks to legislators who vote " pro business " is it not understood that lobbyists reward legislators who promote their agendas ? that 's sort of their primary function
4	scumbag reddit is against bribes lobby money its okay tho this time because its for an issue i support
1	you 're kidding right ? ? <> and <> contributions are a drop in the drop in a bucket compared to what insurance companies , big pharma , oil and gas companies and now any corporations who wants to use to bribe congress !
3	it 's ok when ron paul does it because he is doing it in everyone 's best interest come on sheeple , wake up ! when other politicians take money , it is for evil purposes sheeple , wake up sheeple
6	and who set those bombs off , eh ?
5	yeah , it gets a little crazy here from time to time
4	ya that surge sure worked
4	one of my favorite authentic adj youtube video and or blog or facebook update from activist in restive country for immediate broadcast
2	the justice dept should investigate every member of the house and senate wait never mind , someone needs to investigate the justice dept as well
1	yeah , seriously somebody 's actually asking for john yoo 's asshole opinion , that torture defending dickface ?
1	fuck you , yoo !
2	war without congressional approval was wrong then , and it 's wrong now , and it will be wrong <> years from now you might change the law , but you cant change right and wrong
2	money is his god , he 's a sellout he has the morals of the antichrist
2	the govt does so many wtf things , it 's hard to tell whats what they 're all on the same side and they 're all corrupt ( except a very few ) washington needs a good cleaning out
2	but you can most certainly find a better source to make this point than john yoo i'm of a mind to find an excuse to disagree with the argument just so i'm not on the same side as that fucking asshole
4	he should be able to win because he 's a republican a lot of moderates could feel comfortable voting for as of now , his views are left of the current president
2	i believe in the freedom of speech as it would be a damn shame if idiots like this could n't announce their inability to comprehend reality in such a forceful manner
6	the first essay totally sounded like it was written by a ferangi
4	lol
2	i'm starting to wonder if obama only has one butt cheek because everything he does is half assed
2	but trusting republican politicians to balance the budget is like putting an arsonist in charge of the fire department sounds almost like the author might as well be describing the firefighters from fahrenheit <> ( http en wikipedia org wiki fahrenheit <> ) , which seems rather appropriate
6	well , since the democrats caved on the tax cut extension to the billionaires back at the end of <> , and are now just arguing the numbers over the same sacrifices us " little people " apparently are going to have to make , they 're ignoring a critical message from their base , too i guess that other party is going to sweep them both away oh , wait !
2	the important thing to remember here is that republicans and conservatives are masters at the political game they know what they 're doing is unpopular , but they manage to pass these inhumane , draconian , fiscally insane measures , then when election time rolls around , they jack up the batshit crazy propaganda machine , flood the airwaves with fear , hate , and lies , and minimize their losses everyone needs to take an active roll in recording what they are doing , then using that information in the election cycle to debunk their propaganda and demonstrate without a doubt the extremist corporate agenda they are ramming down america 's throat
8	yeah and if it 's true imho it makes everyone involved look even worse , not just the two repubs he 's attacking in the article
3	but nor is it an accident that cantor is fleeing the room now that the spending cuts have been chosen and the taxes have to be agreed to for all the reasons that boehner needs cantor s fingerprints on the deal , cantor can t put them there it 's news to me that cuts have been agreed on
5	victim here i was pulled over in fort paine , alabama on my way back from mardi gras they found less than a quarter ounce in my car i was <> at the time and in my freshman year of college the state troopers tore up my car seats and broke my console they cut my necklace off with a knife , i was strip searched , cavity searched , sprayed with a hose , and thrown in the " bull pen " overnight there were no beds left so i had to sleep on a mat on the floor i was sick for several days from sleeping on the cold floor , had to borrow <> from a friend to post bail , then walked <> miles to the impound lot to retrieve my car if i were a lesser man it would have scarred me for life i'm now <> and occasionally smoke to relax and relieve anxiety gg , war on drugs
8	and that 's just the tip of the iceberg , but its probably the reason the atf is selling guns to mexican drug cartels to help pay the bill to incarcerate people in possession of a plant
1	bullshit cough cough cough cough
8	pretty absurd for simple possession , right ? that 's what i thought too at the time
2	this must be some definition of " aggressive " i had previously been unaware of
2	totally misleading title , he did not deny <> <> happened , he simply proved without a shadow of a doubt that the official story is a complete load of bull shit anyone with an iq above <> understands this
2	troofers are so fucking dumb that even though this is critical of troofers i'm not going to encourage them with attention by upvoting
6	yay for the private sector !
5	haha , he thinks that prisons are for rehabilitation that 's what people like to say but prisons are basically to keep those people away from the rest of society in an ideal world prison would be to rehabilitate people but in today 's world not so much
2	you 're super naive or a troll
1	for profit prisons have no reason to rehabilitate they have every incentive to create an environment that fosters criminality so that they get repeat business after inmates serve their time that 's the best way to increase value for shareholders and it 's one of many reasons why for profit prisons are a fucking terrible idea
1	no , i'm in spain we 're fucked up here , but at least we do n't have private prisons ( yet )
8	this is why i am put in the curious position of fully supporting for profit prisons people with socio societalogical problems fully deserve the opportunity to receive the necessary rehabilitation that is provided to them , free of charge , for the duration of their stay there is a strange disconnect between the first and second sentences there there is absolutely no incentive for for profit prisons to help rehabilitate prisoners their customers are states , not prisoners , and they rely on a steady influx of inmates to ensure their revenue their incentive is therefore to have prisoners released come back as soon as possible , and for them to get the longest possible prison sentences by comparison , aside from the retarded " tough on crime " mentality of some countries ( the us of course , but france as well ) , the reasoned incentive for society as a whole ( therefore state controlled prisons ) is to rehabilitate and reintegrate inmates as productive members of society as soon as possible it lowers the draw on taxpayer money and increases the society 's productivity and work capacity now of course reason and voters tend not to match well , but the core incentive for for profit prisons still run exactly opposite of rehab
6	haha , he thinks that prisons are for rehabilitation in more socially sensible countries than the us , they are indeed some of norway 's prisons , like bast y ( the one of moore 's sicko ) make you almost want to be incarcerated once a prison colony for young boys , the facility now is trying to become " the first ecological prison in the world " inmates are housed in wooden cottages and work the prison farm during their free time , inmates have access to horseback riding , fishing , tennis , and cross country skiing and rehabilitation is definitely a major goal and purpose of all norwegian prison fwiw , norway 's biggest prison house only <> here is the a times article on the recently opened second biggest in the country prison , halden ( http www time com time magazine article <> , <> , <> , <> html ) with a capacity of <>
1	i do n't fuckin ' know how can anyone still say that america is home of the free with a straight face when you have private prisons seriously , you people are fucked
4	lobbying is a wonderful thing , who needs voting !
3	private prisons are the most frightening manifestation of the extreme ' free market ' principle it 's like privatising the army or the police force the justice system is such an important part of our society that no part of it should ever be in private hands prisoners have committed crimes against society and it should be collective society that punishes them not private corporations the fact that a company 's stock will go up the more people they lock up is orwellian
1	in theory when the public pays to jail someone , they have a vested interest in rehabilitating them , and getting them out of prison and off the taxpayers dime when private companies own and operate prisons , they have every incentive to keep the prisons full wtf america ? ?
3	private prisons weird me out i can tolerate our capitalism 's unfortunate effects on our creative endeavors ( music industry ) and our spiritual health , but a business that is more successful the more people are in prison has got to be some kind of a low point for us
2	yep ! deriving profit from the incarceration of others or generating revenue from violations of laws is odious and just results in incentive to put more laws on the books for people to be found in violation of , as we 're seeing welcome to police state <> and it 's companion course corruption <>
2	since the emancipation of slaves , prisons have used themselves as a loophole to continue the practice of slave labor
6	are you in the uk ? we have private prisons in the uk too as well as private police whoever thinks this shit up is beyond redemption
8	as a liberal , i understand that profits are only acceptable when they are made by helping people this is why i am put in the curious position of fully supporting for profit prisons people with socio societalogical problems fully deserve the opportunity to receive the necessary rehabilitation that is provided to them , free of charge , for the duration of their stay
6	tour ? ? ? tour ? ? ? pac paid for tour ? ? ? funny , i thought she said it was a vacation ? ? ? tour ? ?
3	i never thought about it , but it does seem weird that politicians can be selected for jury duty just like everyone else i 'd be scared shitless to have her kind of crazy on my jury
1	oh right the tour itself has n't been " canceled , " just the parts that involved travel , and stops in different cities , all of which had planned for her to deliver a canned speech , and had been notified of her impending arrival those all went belly up but they were n't canceled , they were just " descheduled " she did n't quit , damnit !
6	when i went on vacation i went on a tour of the grand canyon see how language works ?
8	which is good , since if the difficulties are larger than anticipated , they can temporarily slow down pulling out , instead of trying to force a hard line on it but he can still try to get as much of a withdraw as possible in the mean time if it was n't gradual , then he would n't be able to deal with those sort of circumstances as well it also makes it easier on the troops themselves , since they are n't just leaving power vacuums which the ones left have to mop up either
6	authorities have said the turmoil in libya has resulted in a loss of about <> <> million barrels of oil a day so that 's why we are there
1	congratulations congress ! you 've just now realized what half the fucking country has known and been demanding since the beginning of this whole mess !
5	and still these savings will not be enough the only answer is to get rid of the bush tax cuts and raise taxes on the rich
1	<> puppies ca n't be wrong !
6	since when did the conservatives start caring about cutting the deficit ?
2	the conservative dem gov of missouri repealed a gop voter suppression id bill that was passed this session
1	um , the point is to fight the outrageous levels of income ( http en wikipedia org wiki income inequality in the united states ) and wealth inequality in the us ( http en wikipedia org wiki wealth inequality in the united states )
6	how does poor compare to poor ? feel free to move to egypt if you think it is better
2	hi from someone not from the us what you people think is left is considered far right by the rest us you people have <> choices , far right ( democrats ) and the fuck if i can come up with name for republicans , right wing theocratic extremist seems far too mellow seriously , you guys need to get a passport and actually go and see what left and right politics actually looks like
3	wake up liberals , and stop believing soros ' media matters the national media is extremely biased towards the left
2	the media only has a left bias inasmuch as truth has a left bias
4	great headline , bru , everyone 's going to listen now
8	this is yet another war of conquest for the benefit of the big corporations that we the peeps pay for
1	the more poorly allocated gop funding the better please sarah palin announce your candidacy ! !
6	" vote perry more wingnut than romney , less crazy than bachmann " ? ? ?
1	when i shop for produce , i like a wide selection of fruits and nuts as well edit shit , if mccain would run again , we would have a vegetable too !
1	" made the comments thursday in san antonio at the <> annual national association of latino elected and appointed officials conference " know your audience , rick still , i get it pull the stick out not everything is racist , you oversensitive wetbacks
4	yet another reason i'm glad i do n't live in the south
6	i wonder if the mexican government or people desire americans who break the law into their country with open arms ? idk , i think most americans have lost their minds
2	hope you like your vegetables rotten and your state economy worse off than it already is , you know , arizona style
2	would this be the arizona style immigration law that makes being a latino citizen and venturing outside without id a life threatening risk ? good job , morons
1	i get a good idea what kind of person you are by your insults and excessive use of expletives i do n't think you can offer anything to any conversation i would want to have on politics have a nice life
1	( <> ) i grow my own vegetables there were n't any vegetables here before illegal aliens started coming here ? only a fucking moron could believe something so stupid that is like saying houses wo n't be built if illegal aliens were deported no , it just means that americans were build houses and pick vegetables , not illegal aliens ( <> ) illegal aliens consume public education and public healthcare and use our roads and live off foodstamps california is bankrupt , dumbass not alabama or arizona
6	maybe the illegal aliens who live here can all go to illinois and new york and california where the economy is roaring the economy is roaring so loudly in new york and massachusetts , which love illegal aliens , and california above all other states , that their own citizens are moving just guess where to georgia and south carolina , which gained new seats in congress at their expense according to " himthatspeaks , " there were no vegetables in alabama , georgia , and south carolina before illegal aliens from mexico started moving here in mayberry , there were no vegetables , and no one picked up your trash or cut your grass , because there were no hispanic illegal aliens to do " the jobs americans wo n't do " it was an absolute hell in mayberry back ms <> moved to town and provided the crucial ingredient of " diversity " welfare recipients living in section <> housing made things interesting it is a good thing that california has so many illegal aliens that is why california is such a dynamic economic magnet ( kinda like starr county , tx ) that pulls businesses from other states to the golden state which are attracted by the allure of high taxes , leftist lunatics , and urban slums ! libtards are morons
2	" ( <> ) illegal aliens consume public education and public healthcare and use our roads and live off foodstamps " newsflash far more useless americans do this
1	the founders restricted voting rights and citizenship to white people , dumbass
1	libtartds are morons there is so much ignorance in your post that i thought highlighting your last statement was enough of a rebuttal you epitomize why the founders attempted to exclude people like you from the voting process too bad that effort failed troll or moron we respond you decide
6	is his name a cock joke ?
1	why did the msm care more about weiner than vitter ? because well , i have no idea it might have something to do with the fact fuck it i have no idea
5	if this is so , and this pill is unprofitable to make , transport , and store perhaps they should not make it because if sick people need this to get well , the demand is surely there if it 's just a sugar pill they could raise their prices to a <> , <> pop and nobody would care
1	what a bunch of horse shit this medication is being made profitably by generics manufacturers right now , they supply my country with it for <> per <> pills the chemical is public property , any company can make it and sell it , for however much they want to , and we will pay the fair market price if it costs money to ship and store , then that is included in the price what is it about americans and the ' free market ' ? they wank on about it to no end , but never actually use it , in any way , shape or form it 's corruption and nothing more , your country is full of it
1	is that what we are seeing here ? they said they filled <> million prescriptions and gout is n't particularly rare take your strawman somewhere else
2	the american way create a government body to supervise safety make it corrupt as fuck use this as justification to remove that supervision entirely
6	the first paragraph that you typed is beside the point , first of all second , you people never ceased to amaze me what ever happened to you tools always saying you want a free market economy ? the fda should not be giving any big business any market exclusivity , period
1	blame market regulations for cost of medical care
8	tl dr colchicine ( http en wikipedia org wiki colchicine ) has been used to treat gout for <> years upon submission of a randomized study , the fda granted the manufacturer exclusivity which raised the price and eliminated all competition this will increase costs to state medicaid programs from <> million to <> million
3	" market exclusivity " is not a white and black area of morality sometimes , the demand for a drug is so small that stops being economically feasible to produce it ( you have to remember that beyond the chemistry involved , there is also millions of dollars in overhead such as shipping and storage to be considered ) market exclusivity allows a company to raise prices without fear of being undercut , and thus moves the pill back into profitability the danger is when a company manages to convince the fda that something needs to be made exclusive when it actually does n't
2	is n't this is a clear example of the us not being a free market though ?
1	no , this is black as black as you can get colchicine has been used for many , many years for gout , a trial is not needed to know that it works , a trial is not needed to say that it can be very toxic , a trial is not required to define the side effects that have been known for literally a hundred years if formal trials are done it should not be done in such a way that it increases the price for the poor bastard suffering from gout from pennies to hundreds of dollars an absolutely tiny , one week trial with <> patients ? why ca n't this be funded with a small government grant ? people may have been using this medication for their entire lives , now many will not be able to afford it at all this study has given no more information than we had already that man does not benefit from this action in any way whatsoever , and neither does the many millions of men like him black black black i cannot believe the hand waving justifications in this thread , this as black and white as it gets , it 's blatant corruption i'm sure glad this shit does n't happen in my country that 's for sure colchicine remains at <> for a thousand pills , and the prescription costs for new zealand citizens remains capped at <> for however much they need that such as shit does n't stop america from wanting , funding , trying , and lobbying to destroy our drug purchasing agency though !
2	there is such a thing as good regulation , and then there is corruption this is the latter , and america loves it like nothing else
6	do you have any examples of market regulation increasing the cost of medical care ? or could you explain how the proposed regulations i listed in op would do anything but decrease the cost of health care ?
3	figures isentrope had it twisted maybe his unconscious ( ? ) capitalization of ' randomized ' should have tipped me off
8	lol , good point i guess it 's just that i do n't feel that completely support taking away all regulation , just doing in a smart way that is advantageous to people who need health care
8	granted , if every firm but one manages to back out of production , you 'll be okay but realistically , that 's not going to happen why not ? the better solution is for the state to pick the winner and disallow the others from competing ? that 's ludicrous if people refuse to pay prices high enough to keep any of those companies in business , then they 'll refuse to pay the monopoly price as well and nothing was gained none of what you 've said makes any economic sense i 'll tell you the real reason why the fda has this program it 's to give incentives for companies to go back and study drugs that never were properly studied ( by the fda 's standards ) that 's it it has nothing to do with making sure drugs do n't go off market as it guarantees no such thing
6	you do n't believe in a modern free market , you believe in a controlled market i believe in a free market with minor controlled features i do n't understand why i have to be for a free market or a totally controlled economy
2	why not offset those losses against pills they can sell for huge profits then i remember the answer greed uh , you do realize these drug manufacturing companies are businesses , right ? are you seriously suggesting that a private company should willingly take a financial loss on a product line ?
6	has it ever been through a propper clinical trial to test it 's effectiveness against gout ?
2	thanks i understand that novel drugs are difficult to produce due to the extreme risk , r & d costs , and developmental time except you forgot that this compound is already well known and studied so there is no need to develop novel equipment for developing , processing , or producing it this drug has already been approved by the fda , and it was a question of whether or not the drug had tangible benefits associated with it or if it was homeopathic medicine i reread the top comment you responded to just to check that we are focusing on this drug and not all drugs also i read http content healthaffairs org content <> <> <> full pdf html and the title is slightly misleading it is discussing " cost " as the opportunity cost of developing the drug , which is very different than the money spent so i will give you an example say you have a drug that costs <> billion to develop over <> years now lets say the investment is <> million each year with an interest rate of <> ( they use <> ) this what your rate of return would be if you had invested the money else where you can model this as an annuity and can calculate its future value ( year <> dollars ) and you get <> <> billion dollars ( in <> ) this is the opportunity cost to develop the drug in <> dollars why do i keep repeating <> ? because the number does not mean much until you convert it back to the current value of money that would be the opportunity cost to develop that drug however that is computed in terms of future value ( <> years into the future ) seen as a current annuity the present value it is <> million you see what i did there ? i spent <> billion over <> years which is worth <> million in present dollars or <> <> billion in future dollars unless you make it clear how you are calculating the money it is a very deceptive number
1	when i accused you of not reading my post , it was really just hyperbole i expected , in reality , that you had merely ignored part of my post so that you could respond with a snarky comment instead , by accusing me of ninja editing in that part , you 've revealed to me that you actually did n't read my post through before commenting regardless of what others might think , i know that i did n't edit in an entire sentence , which means that i know you dun goofed i'm embarrased for you
5	every time that i read about that corrupt fda it always ruins my day
2	no , this is why the fda fails get government out of the patent copyright racket , get them out of the health care sector
5	sometimes , when demand is weak enough and cost of production is high enough , there simply is n't enough room for multiple firms in the marketplace ? ? ? it 's going to take some serious mental gymnastics for that logic to fly xm sirius situation does not relate at all they wanted to merge but could n't until the state allowed them to xm was not trying to get the fcc to agree to disallow sirius from competing that would be ridiculous
2	? ? ? it 's going to take some serious mental gymnastics for that logic to fly i do n't understand what 's confusing you this is not something that is controversial or difficult to grasp say there are only <> , <> people in the country who need the drug in order to be economical , you discover that you must sell at least <> batches of the drug ( factoring in the price competitors are selling it for , how much you 'd have to invest in production , how many batches are manufactured per cycle , and how much insurance companies are willing to pay when covering the drug ) because there are <> other competitors in the marketplace , you find it unlikely that you will manage to capture that much of the market , and therefore you decide not to produce the drug granted , if every firm but one manages to back out of production , you 'll be okay but realistically , that 's not going to happen you 're going to have either an unprofitable struggle over market share , or everyone is just going to decide it is n't worth their fucking time and move on there is , after all , many other drugs they could be producing with their limited resources xm sirius situation does not relate at all they wanted to merge but could n't until the state allowed them to xm was not trying to get the fcc to agree to disallow sirius from competing that would be ridiculous they wanted to merge because they were effectively driving each other out of business by merging , they effectively stopped competition , which is the purpose of exclusive rights to manufacture of a drug
1	the reason i did n't copy the next line is because all the critics have is well nothing the only criticisms are " well we want more transparency " please find me a valid complaint somewhere in there haha some fucker comes up and says " it cost me <> billion to do x " , and you want to just take him at his word without asking questions ? if someone says " yes , i 'll believe you , but first please show me some numbers , prove to me that you spent it " then you dismiss the person as " just wants more transparency " ? it 's not more transparency , it 's the fucking crux of the argument the difference between blowing gas out your rear end and proving it you sound like some shill for the company , or else one of those weird people who believe business is good and the public is bad , even when business uses a government mandated coercive monopoly to skim the public i 'd much rather believe an independent investigator who says " they spent <> million and here are my numbers to show why " than a company that says " we spent <> billion , trust us ! " fuck that
5	the problem with that is that the drive for profit is what 's actually spurring the development of these drugs remove the profit incentive and you 'll have all the tylenol and motrin you need , but no revolutionary new stuff from thereon out i fully agree and understand what you 're saying there but the drive for profit energized by unchecked greed is what makes necessary drugs that cost a few cents to make cost hundreds of dollars a bottle for the patient continue on with profit as the primary incentive and let people with " unprofitable " illnesses fall by the wayside oh they would n't fall by the wayside those drugs would still get produced , just at such a high premium that the people that need them ca n't afford them it always blows my mind when at the end of some of the drug commercials , they put in the tagline of " ca n't afford your prescription ? big pharma may be able to help ! "
3	you ignored the rest of my post that rebuffed the two studies you cited cheap and numbers mean nothing unless you specify how the money was spent or how that value is calculated <> today is not <> billion in <> years <> billion in cash flow over <> years is not equal to <> when that cash flow begins your article explains acutely why drug research should not be a private enterprise well , then that means that pfizer , as the biggest and most merged up drug company in the world , must have minimized its risk more than anyone in the industry right ? and they should be doing just fine by that ? not laying people off right and left ? not closing any huge research sites ? not wondering frantically how they 're going to replace the lost revenue from lipitor ? not telling people that they 're actually ditching several therapeutic areas completely because they do n't think than can compete in them , given the risks ? not announcing a stock buyback program , because they apparently ( and rather shamefully ) think that 's a better use of their money than putting it back into more r & d ? i mean , how can intel be doing better than that ? it 's almost like chip design is a different sort of r & d business entirely the risk involved in the market is what kills companies like pfizer if they had enough money they could survive the swings , but when drug projects go up in flames it can destroy a company it 's why nasa pioneers space because without large funding and support by the government industries like spacex would have never seen the light of day
4	while i am a free market supporter myself ( and staunchly so , i might add ) , i have an anecdote that is relevant as a pharmacy technician it occurred about once every <> years that a person would come in requiring a rare and expensive drug occasionally they 'd only need <> pills or so , and rare and expensive drugs never come in quantities of <> often enough , you 'd need to order <> or more they 'd sit on the shelf until they expired and we 'd end up losing money for that reason , we generally refused to order the drug , under those exceedingly rare cases , and these people had to go elsewhere that said , mail order pharmacies will always provide those drugs
6	this will naturally lower the supply , which raises the price until the drug is profitable and when a disease is so rare that the drug will never be profitable ?
2	granted what the fda did was complete bullshit , but the exclusivity only exists for <> years , which means it should be set to expire next year , at which point i imagine other generics will begin to come back onto the market no the <> year exclusivity is for the treatment of gout in addition , they also received <> year exclusivity for the same drug for the treatment of fmf , as the article mentions the drug company is making a lot of money off the compound , but it 's probably invested a bit to have those studies done too if they only make <> , that would probably barely cover the cost of conducting the study no again it 's not a million dollars , it 's hundreds of millions of dollars huge difference again , what the article says is according to the centers for medicare and medicaid services , state medicaid programs filled about <> , <> prescriptions of colchicine in <> and paid approximately <> million for the drug use of the new brand name colchicine could add as much as <> million per year to these insurance programs ' budgets at a time when they are addressing the rising costs of health care by reducing some services or raising eligibility thresholds what they 're saying is that medicare and medicaid paid <> million for the drug in <> , before the exclusivity was granted in <> as a result of the exclusivity , they will now pay <> million per year over the <> year exclusivity period that would be <> million per years times <> years <> million now consider that these are medicare plus medicaid payments alone , which are only a fraction of the total healthcare expenditures plenty of people pay for treatment through their own private insurance through blue cross or whatever in <> when this drug was approved by the fda , medicare medicaid were only <> of us healthcare ( https www cms gov nationalhealthexpenddata <> nhe fact sheet asp ) about <> million out of <> <> trillion if you factor it over the entire us healthcare system , then the cost actually comes to <> million ( <> <> trillion <> million ) , which is <> million dollars there is a hell of a difference between <> million and <> million now , none of us knows what it cost the company to get the drug approved however , the average cost to bring a brand new drug to market in the us is about <> million this includes all research needed to develop the drug , all clinical trials from phase <> to phase iv , all legal and regulatory expenses and this is for a brand new drug colcrys is n't a new drug there was no research cost to develop the drug , it already existed there was no need for phase i or phase ii trials , the drug was already being sold legally in the market only phase iii trials were needed , so the cost was a very small fraction of that <> million i have n't seen the numbers , but i would be very surprised if their total costs exceeded <> million for a payoff of <> million the new england journal of medicine is one of the most prestigious in the field consider what they have to say , without going into any specific numbers although the goals underlying the development of colcrys were sound few would argue against the need to comply with fda requirements and the need to ensure the safety and efficacy of all prescription drugs and the manufacturer seems to have followed fda guidance , the reward appears to be out of proportion to the level of investment this is exactly what the argument is about that the reward is out of proportion to the investment , to the tune of <> , for something that brings " no meaningful improvement to public health "
8	laws which make it a crime to sell pills labeled " colchicine " which do not contain colchicine is government control of a market do you think it should be up to each individual consumer to evaluate the quality and safety of the ingredients in each pill he takes ? let people sell " prescription " drugs out of the back of a truck in some parking lot ? i agree that the events described in this nejm article show how government regulation coupled with apparently unbridled greed on the part of a private company have hurt the consumer in this case to me , the solution is to change the regulations so that research and development is supported , but the patient is not gouged the suggestion made in the article , that the fda foot the bill for clinical trials like the one that led to the temporary monopoly in this case , so that temporary monopoly is not justified and the consumer can continue to enjoy low priced medication , seems to be a better solution to the problem than your " magic market " elimination of all regulation
2	i am an adult , asshole , and i do not , under any circumstances , want the government to make decisions that effect exclusively my life , for me google " non aggression principle "
2	this kind of thing is probably to deal with the problem of effective old treatments which still need to be trialed have you ever heard the claim " xyz is a fatastic herbal natural etc treatment for abc but big pharma ignores it because you ca n't patent old herbal remadies " well it 's bullshit he who does the trial gets the patent if you had the money and ran a trial to prove your favorite herb was a good treatment for something you could get the patent on it hell if you find an out of patent drug and prove it can treat something new you might even get the patent on it 's use as a treatment for that trials are very expensive but they 're nesecary
6	never approved before ? colchicine 's been sold more years
1	there 's a reason why people actually study health care economics , because black and white does not exist there
6	if the other supplier has such a large stock that they can just dump it on the market at reduced rates , then when no one is willing to produce the drug from scratch why do n't they just sell it at normal rates , thus serving everyone and getting even more profits ?
2	which makes me ask the question , if the demand is enough to warrant making the pill but not getting a profit on it ( assuming that this is actually curing an actual disease , not just a " syndrome " and hauling along a bunch of other side effects with it ) , why not offset those losses against pills they can sell for huge profits then i remember the answer greed
6	ninja edit ftl , i see the star by your original post
6	ninja edit ftl , i see the star by your original post
6	ninja edit ftl , i see the star by your original post
2	that is not at all relevant to colchicine
1	fda does this kind of crap all of the time
2	the fda is one of the leading drivers of the rising cost of healthcare in the us it should be abolished
6	the point is to make sure rare drugs are n't taken off the market so how does this monopoly enforcing system guarantee that ? how does it guarantee not to price the needy out of the market by those predatory enough to abuse the system ? edit it would be interesting to see a study where the system actually worked as intended
2	this medication is a very common drug , and is already made by multiple generics manufacturers for very cheap your arguments have absolutely no relevance to this medication
8	the us is usually criticized as being a free , unregulated health services market
6	true i think it would be a cool experiment to give birth to it irl maybe on a small scale observe what happens , see if it works if it does , we have a model to strive after and if it does n't we could always point to it when a free market advocate says free markets ftw !
2	this is corruption , not the free market
4	this is reddit where everything is black and white it is in people 's best interest so they feel popular from karma
4	this is reddit where everything is black and white it is in people 's best interest so they feel popular from karma
2	so what was the edit ? since it was n't a ninja edit , you mind telling the court and jury what it was exactly that you edited law of pizza sits quietly in the stand , with a look like a deer in headlights thought so , i rest my case your honor
2	the movie studios do it all the time remember the guy who actually played darth vader ? ( http www telegraph co uk culture film <> darth vadar actor claims he is missing out on return of the jedi payment html ) it just takes a little creative accounting besides , there 's always a middle ground price gouging and profit mongering with people 's lives drives me insane
4	i'm a flaming pinko socialist and i 'd rather have a free market than this
1	us having no fucking money is why healthcare fail
1	this is the problem with over regulation edit i very much agree that the us healthcare system is a failure , but i also think obama 's health care overhaul was adding fail on top of fail i have disapproved of obama 's plan since the beginning and people think that means i support the status quo it does n't
1	this is why you should n't let governments control markets any market
1	u s a ! u s a ! u s a !
6	but it magically becomes better once someone has the exclusive right to produce it , did n't anyone ever tell you this
2	it 's a transparent transfer of wealth from medicaid medicare , and the poor minorities that tend to get gout , to a pharmaceutical company that has contributed essentially nothing to our knowledge of colchicine this kind of blatant corruption seems to be the usual in your country i'm afraid
6	obamacare not working out ?
1	this , <> times this granted i believe all federal bureaucracies should be abolished
6	granted what the fda did was complete bullshit , but the exclusivity only exists for <> years , which means it should be set to expire next year , at which point i imagine other generics will begin to come back onto the market the fda had previously never approved colchicine because it had n't completed the randomized study that you 're talking about the drug company is making a lot of money off the compound , but it 's probably invested a bit to have those studies done too if they only make <> , that would probably barely cover the cost of conducting the study
1	the trial was fucking useless doctors now know nothing more now about colchicine than they did before , but their patients now need to fork out thousands of dollars for something that should cost literally pennies i do n't live in your country , thank god , and people here wo n't get fucked like yours will i feel sorry for you i really do
8	recouping costs gone into research , development , testing , etc it costs a ton of money to go from idea to actual drug , so if anyone can just come in and market the drug purely based on how much it takes to create an individual pill , then of course they 're going to be undercut profiting off the sale of an individual pill recouping development costs
6	if someone was able to undercut them , then how was it not profitable ? dumping stock to cut losses
6	next time , you might want to finish reading the post before you comment yeah , right there at the bottom , the part where i make essentially the same point you 're making
8	because if sick people need this to get well , the demand is surely there demand may be there , but profitability might not if only <> , <> people in the entire country need the pill , it might cost more to make , store , and ship than they get back in revenue sure , they can raise the prices above the cost , but then without market exclusivity they run the risk of another supplier dumping their stock on the market at reduced rates just to cut their losses
8	this drug is profitable as it is the rest of the world will continue to pay the free market price , which is <> a pill
6	second , you people never ceased to amaze me what ever happened to you tools always saying you want a free market economy ? whosawhatsit now ? who 's " you people " and when did i ever say i wanted a pure free market economy ?
6	and some people claim the us has a free market lulz
6	and imagine this could have been avoided if the us government deemed it beneficial to conduct the same study , but socialism , so a private manufacturer did it and now reaps the benefits
4	i love the conservative mindset rail against public option that would lower healthcare costs , rail against patent buying that would lower the cost of drugs for everyone in the country , rail against states and the country banding together to buy drugs in bulk to lower healthcare costs blame liberals for cost of medical care
1	that is not relevant to colchicine it is already on the market this study was absolutely tiny , only one week long you are wrong , very wrong
6	better yet , just a simple university research grant for such a tiny study it would have costed far less than a million dollars , let alone hundreds of millions
2	while that 's a matter of contention , it 's what conservatives ( the ones who actually have an understanding of conservative economics , anyway ) will actually blame this could n't have happened in a free market
6	so they dumped their stock someone will pick up the demand after that why guarantee anyone profits in the short term ?
6	out of curiosity do you beleive patents and copyrights are anti thetical to free markets ?
6	yes what 's your point ?
3	republicans could n't pull this sort of thing if the usa had a functioning tv news media that reported what they were doing
6	what a bunch of babies
6	why do people vote for the them again ?
3	for national security 's sake , we should just detain these economic terrorists at guantanimo bay
2	cutting the deficit in real fiscal terms means a desire to cut economic growth i mentioned this in another thread but the basic explanation is as follows economic growth per gdp means you have a concommitant fiscal expansion in a fiat monetary system , this can come from three places ( <> ) current accounts surplus ( e g an external surplus ) , ( <> ) public deficit , or ( <> ) private deficit the us runs a current accounts deficit ( and it will continue to do so ) , so there must be a net deficit domestically to support growth since the private sector is attempting to run a surplus right now due to poor growth projections and the inherent risk on the microeconomic scale of deficit spending with low aggregate demand in the consumer sector , the magnitude of deficit the public sector runs will strongly correlate with expected growth i suspect most of the reason people believe cutting the deficit is an imperative is because they think about monetary economics in terms of when the us was on the gold standard and they tend to apply budgetary constraints and norms that roughly correspond to their personal finances the problem with such reasoning is neither is applicable to a non convertible fiat currency on a floating exchange rate from the position of a sovereign issuer , such currencies are not a form of barter ( e g they are not structurally interchangeable with real economic output ) but rather a means of directing economic output thus , the real macroeconomic constraints on the federal government are the convergent effects of real capacity , demand for the currency , and aggregate demand which will largely determine the degree to which the government can direct economic output to public programs since the us is well below full utilization , this is not a realistic risk even in the face of spending on the order of a few of gdp
6	could they keep walking preferably into traffic ?
2	what is this , make up your own news day ? coming from someone who 's name is " turnofffauxnews " , this is deliciously ironic
6	while i do n't doubt that defunding planned parenthood still might be pushed hard , it is n't mentioned anywhere in your article would be nice to keep from editorializing
2	please do n't use the word " breaking " or its synonyms in your title , ever
4	good
2	delete this entire submission , it 's the most appropriate response we ca n't cater to this crap , and it 's an over sensationalized inaccurate headline letting this sit here , even for sake of brief conversation , is useless
2	tell them there will be poor people there they 'll avoid it like the plague
4	brilliant
2	delete the post the headline is wrong , anyway
6	make the laws a little more human friendly and a lot less business friendly ?
2	i do n't understand how republicans ( whom we all know are racists ) could be against an organization that was founded on the principles ( http en wikipedia org wiki margaret sanger eugenics and euthanasia ) of reducing the black population clearly , somebody is lying
2	i was just about to post the same thing seems like a lot of posts in r politics have been editorialized to make it bigger than it seems i believe if people have to over exaggerate it to make a point , then they probably did n't have a point to begin with
8	see this is in itself a pretty important development , but it was killed by the misleading headline the republicans declared tax increases off the table and appear ready to play chicken with going into default that is important the editorializing that has no basis in the article was n't important
4	you 're making it sound like obama did n't want to do it and he was only doing it as a compromise yeah , i 've heard a lot about what obama " would like to do " , but guess what ? you do n't look at that if you did obama would be the best president ever you look at what a president has done not what he claims to have liked to done only pandering idiots like you fall for that by your logic the vietnam war is now the kennedy war oh boy i love it when you can attribute a policy to the first president that implements rather than also the proceeding presidents that follow it obama signed the tax cuts into law he supported the bill that extended them , so they 're his it does n't matter what he says ( you seem the be the only person who still does n't " get it " ) , it matters what he does he extended the tax cuts they 're his bush did n't sign them , bush did n't even voice support for the extension you are tripping over yourself trying to convince yourself that because obama did n't support in his heart what he signed into law it should n't be attributed to him , but somebody else who literally had nothing to do with the bill that was signed into law it 's hilarious and pitiful at the same time
8	no , he means the bush tax cuts bush proposed them , pushed for them and got them passed when obama passed an extension it was a part of a compromise to allow for spending to help the economy recover that 's hardly enough to call them " obama 's tax cuts "
6	reddiquette is just advice , not a binding rule everytime mods do ban something like this , it inevitably leads to " omg so and so censored me " especially in r politics so basically , you 're too afraid to lose internet credit from your e friends to moderate ? what 's the point of having moderation in the first place ? this is why reddit is a laughable place to find information
4	yes we can ! herpderp
2	no , he means the bush tax cuts bush proposed them , pushed for them and got them passed this is wrong those tax cuts expired the current extension was pushed for and signed by obama they 're obama 's tax cuts he supported them actively and signed them into law you can lie to yourself all you want , but it just makes you look like a pandering delusional idiot if you seriously believe bush has anything to do with the tax cut extension gto
8	really you 're debating semantics at this point the rich got a two year extension of their tax cuts that were set to expire it 's true to say that after <> their taxes paid would be higher than they are today , but it 's also true to say that extending the benefits would be granting them a tax cut that they 're not currently entitled to
6	how do we keep them from getting back in ?
2	ironic that your user name is anti fox news , and yet you editorialize and lie about the news as much as they do
2	only the most selfish of people would let the us default ann rand types
4	" representative eric cantor , the no <> republican in the house of representatives , said participants had identified trillions of dollars in potential spending cuts but were deadlocked over tax increases sought by democrats republican senator jon kyl also pulled out , according to an aide " they did not walk out of congress , only of the negotiations , unlike some wisconsin democrats who i sure you would argue were only doing the people 's will second , they did not walk out over lowering taxes for the " rich " or defunding planned parenthood they walked out over democratic insistence on raising taxes your headline is simply a lie , plain and simple
1	fuck the gop let there be no budget then and see what happens
6	" breaking ? " that 's a downvotin '
6	time for obama to make those recess appointments ?
1	breaking that 's called aggressive negotiation we should call them out on their bullshit of using childish tactics to get their way
1	oh god , this country is fucked obama is just going to cave here there goes my financial aid
1	news flash if the us defaults and we 're plunged into another recession , all those people they want to extend the bush tax cuts for will make even less money tl dr suck it up and swallow your goddamn medicine , upper class
6	ca n't they just vote without them ?
1	that means downvote the fuck out of this submission guys ( whether you agree or disagree ) , not delete it
6	most people just do n't understand this , and i do n't know why not
6	most people just do n't understand this , and i do n't know why not
3	he had better not !
5	sensationalized headline they did n't walk out of congress these are budget talks my understanding is that the talks are between leaders of both parties , with biden presiding the talks are not part of standard congressional business
6	i'm not sure you understand how being an elected official works
5	because bush 's tax cuts for the wealthy are scheduled to sunset , extending those cuts would be the same as providing a tax break so insisting that the cuts be extended is the same as saying that " they will not agree to any budget bill that does not lower taxes for the rich "
2	that republicans will not under any circumstance entertain any tax increase proves beyond any shadow of a doubt that they are not serious about balancing the budget and reducing the deficit no solution will be found without spending cuts and revenue increases every day it becomes clearer that their main goal is to keep the deficits high and the economy in the toilet until the <> election while acting like they want the opposite
8	you 're very defensive in your arguments do you think calling me a " pandering idiot " and proclaiming that i'm the only one that does n't " get it " is productive towards getting me to see your opinion ? my guess is you just want to call people names online , so enjoy )
1	they also said " now we are off to dine on the blood of <> tabby cats and club some baby seals to be stuffed and used as pillows in the mansion ! "
2	if you changed your party affiliation i bet fox news would hire you as a headline copywriter what an idiotic distortion of what actually happened
1	keep the scumbag republicans out keep the hypocritical democrats out keep everyone who wants to be a politician out of public office as they 're always predisposed to being scum
1	and stay out !
1	lock the doors so they ca n't get back in
1	turd burglars !
6	irs " how many thousand did you make last year ? send it in " or " how many millions did you make last year ? heres your check "
8	let them shut down the government or default on a bit of the debt the democrats caving in for two years only lead to an election defeat the democrats have been more than willing to compromise with the republicans , and the proper response to either them them leaving negotiations should just be " grow up dude "
6	what really offends me is that people upvoted this
1	bottom line , you fucking liberal parasites are going to have to cut lots of spending we are not going to let you weasel out of it like usual we have you by the balls and we are not going to let your messiah kick the can down the road just because he thinks it will help his election chances deal with it
1	time to grab my pitchfork , this shit has gone on long enough !
2	lets everybody try to remember these names when re election time rolls around , ok
6	fire all the ones that walked out ?
1	for fuck sake if you have a ( d ) senator or congressman , tell them not to cave in if democrats are anything they are shitty poker players understandably so since they got slapped around a little last midterm and they will totally pander to the right to not get slapped again being " disillusioned " and turning your backs will do nothing here
1	fuck those guys seriously they ca n't even be civil about it
8	does anybody actually read the articles ? ? there was no walkout of congress cantor and mcconnell walked out of negotiations not like all of congress left and it had nothing to do with pp it was all about tax increase for the rich
2	misinformation can be fun ! way to go , op you 're the douchiest of all the douche bags ! dooooooosh
2	fanatical , whoring assholes , every one of them
6	you mean the obama tax cuts right ? the bush tax cuts expired obama signed the current tax cuts into law
8	the oil and gas subsidies are not true subsidies rather , they are tax breaks for things like capital depletion to which every mining type industry which depletes its stock " big oil " is simply easy to demonize you can say you are ending tax breaks to big oil and simply not mention the fact that every corporation also gets those benefits the domestic manufacturing deduction allows you to deduct <> of your income for domestic manufacturing , growing , and extracting in the us every company is entitled to this deduction the gas and oil industries are the only ones who can only deduct at <> for no other reason than some politician wanted to look tough by " standing up to big oil " there is no subsidy or tax break that the oil and gas industries qualify for that is specific to them they do not get special treatment under the tax code period tax breaks that benefit wealthy individuals is also a rather misleading phrase what it is referring to , more likely than not and we 'll find out in a few days if i'm wrong , is not a reduction in only the upper personal income tax rates they are talking about reducing certain types of taxes , like the taxes you would pay if you sold stock that increased in price , that are especially harmful to economic activity all taxes marginally slow the economy to gain some extra revenue so transferring money from the tax payer to the government has some cost to society some taxes , like a flat sales tax , do n't reduce the economy by that much for the amount of revenue they bring in some , like capital gains taxes , reduce the economy by a lot for the amount of revenue they bring in by reducing those taxes , society does not pay as much for government
5	i do n't have any faith
8	relax buddy
8	reddiquette is just advice , not a binding rule everytime mods do ban something like this , it inevitably leads to " omg so and so censored me " especially in r politics
2	right the more sensationalized the title is , the less credible the story appears to be the title is the first impression in which people get about a particular story if it stays calm , rational , and informative of the actual content , it helps to keep the discussion about the story to be calm , rational , and informative so , in a way , it important for helping to establish where the thread is going to go , since while many redditors are fairly decent with at least glancing over the content of an article before posting , they 're still using the title as a way in which to get them engaged in the first place besides , it 's not really good reddiquette either
5	i'm starting to feel like these vote counts are all rigged would not surprise me anymore
6	actually , zero of three the republicans did n't walk out of congress , they walked out of the budget talks they are two totally different things on a related issue , how does this thread make the first page ? clearly , the thread title is total bullshit , so what conclusion do you draw ? do you assume that the majority of the people on reddit are just too stupid to know what is really going on ? or do you assume that they know the truth , but willingly upvote lies in order to attack their opponents ?
8	no it 's not it 's tantamount to saying " they will not agree to any budget bill that sees taxes increase for the rich " the rich already have the tax cuts thanks to the bush tax breaks if they are n't renewed it 's a raise in taxes , if they are extended it 's not new tax cuts it 's maintaining the same level of taxes
2	during my little vacations over the years i 've often seen a rooms full of cops trying to figure out how to get pictures off of their digital cameras cops are stupid and the government is cheap put it together and you get fail
1	they can also just snatch your phones gps data without a warrant without a single fuck being given hell cops can run people down in the street and get off scott free imagine what the feds are up to ? <>
1	i was going to say they 're dumbasses for thinking sb1070 is a bad law , but that too they 've done more good than bad so far imo , but to say sb1070 is racist ( in a negative way ) is silly
1	the fact that people think lulzsec is an activist group is sad the fact that redditors who should know better think they are is sadder they 're not activists they are just fucking with people to create a sense of distrust of social institutions it 's embarrassing that people eat up their paper thin hypocrisy and champion it you give a sense of credibility to people who deserve none , for things they are n't doing nothing they 're doing is activism they 've been the first ones to admit that precisely what they are not and yet , you add perceived morality to the vacuum and thank an anonymous power with no checks for something that they are n't doing , even by accident morons
2	yes indeed now they need to hack into the federal reserve and release all the secret bank bailout bullshit and show proof of just how corrupt that sector really is to all the non believers
8	unfortunately , they 've lost a lot of the gaming communities support after hacking bethesda and taking down eve and minecraft
3	it was coming either way look up hbgary look up operation payback i'm sure i'm going to get downvoted to hell for saying this but only by people to lazy to find out what 's even going on this started with wikileaks and it ends with the fate of the free world
1	i really enjoy that everyone is raising their voice about lulzsec being some lowbie group of hackers but no one has taken the time to prove so fuck even if they are , why does it even matter ? does that discredit them somehow ? have they ever come out and said that they were some super elite group ? nope the fact is that they are acting while others are n't if it 's so easy then other people would be to and do n't reply with " but its against the law ! ! ! " well they have n't been arrested yet because they are doing it right so apparently there is no reason other people cant as well right ?
2	a lot of hate and violence spewing from your posts there
6	i'm liking this new era of activism i think the world needs more of it in order to keep the powers to be in check
6	the important question that will probably get buried under the media rhetoric why do law enforcement agencies and governments , in this day and age , not properly secure their info systems ? some of the 's ecurity efforts ' that have been ' hacked ' in the past few weeks border on negligent
6	did anyone see the picture of the suv with the <> cal in the back of it ?
2	well they do have some anonymity when their riot masks are down , badges hidden , and they 're just hitting smacking dragging people in a peaceful protest crowd
2	i agree if there 's nothing wrong going on , then there 's nothing to hide public servants should be held in scrutiny by the public , every action should be accountable the fact that public servants want their actions and intentions hidden from the public belies their contempt for the public that they serve
6	lulzsec leaks arizona law enforcement papers lulzsec leaks ?
6	why not hit two birds with one stone ? catalogue people 's access to the international citizen 's information services and charge them money to do it ?
6	who does n't , at this point ?
2	yes , all cops are spineless evil villains none of them joined the force to do the right thing none of them are working there because they want to make a difference , nor working to get a paycheck to support a family ( because cop benefits are pretty decent for jobs that do n't require a college diploma ) for a community that touts itself on being intelligent , diverse , and accepting , i have seen few other organizations completely demonize an entire profession quite as swiftly and callously as reddit has done with police officers i understand that there 's corruption in the system , and that there are a lot of bad people who are given power that should n't have it that does n't allow you to endanger everyone involved because you 're angry ps i 'll be honest , i was pretty distraught by what you wrote so i started reading through your comment history seriously , supporting the rioters in vancouver ? " i'm cool with theft so long as it 's from a big business ? " i do n't mean to make this into an ad hominem , but seriously what set you off to indiscriminately hate every organization of authority ?
5	true we need to start considering information security as important as physical security that is the way the world has moved for a government to shell out billions on planes , ships , and overseas contractors is absurd when the same government wo n't hire an it guy in each data driven office for <> <> yr
6	first of all , still waiting on that info ( also , if it 's so easily available on google then why not just give it to us ? ) a you could come to my house and shoot me , rape me , vandalize my house or my car , rob me , stalk me , harass me , prank call me , send me spam emails , hack into my email , stalk my family , harass my family that enough ? b having something available on google and releasing cops ' information very publicly are totally different things c are cops not required to identify themselves if asked ? even if not , then this is something you should take up with your legislature , not by compromising the safety of individual officers i have two problems with your last point one , if it 's so bad then move out of arizona seriously , people are more mobile now than ever before two , it does n't make sense how does knowing a police 's home address let you " police the police ? " it does n't , unless you 're willing to kill them , in which case , see my point a
2	police can ask me for my address and put me in jail for not answering them i think there 's nothing wrong with holding them to the same standard it 's the perfect opportunity to put the age old cop question " if you 've got nothing to hide then why are n't you cooperating ? " so , cops , if they have nothing to hide then they should have no fear of this information going public
2	this is true the blame for sb1070 lies on arizona legislators and arizonans who supported it it was unpopular among the police themselves
3	i'm not sure what you 're saying here the police could easily track me , so i am not enjoying anonymity furthermore , i am not exempt from the law thanks to the " blue code of silence "
7	a i have no method of oppressing you , a policemen does b these potential oppressors have every ability to get these things , hell you could if you used google c policemen are under no real threat of retaliation from the populous , as we are unable to go request information , a warrant , or even an address about them given these things , the only way people actually have of policing the police and watching the watchers is if they are given the same info as a resident of arizona , where the law enforcement is particularly heinous for a number of reasons , i do n't give a rats ass if your anonymity has been compromised , because ours already is
2	chaotic evil chaotic evil is referred to as the " destroyer " or " demonic " alignment characters of this alignment tend to have no respect for rules , other people 's lives , or anything but their own desires , which are typically selfish and cruel they set a high value on personal freedom , but do not have any regard for the lives or freedom of other people they do not work well in groups , as they resent being given orders , and usually behave themselves only out of fear of punishment after their " titanic take down tuesday " and releasing all those passwords , that definition seems to apply
2	which line of yours is sarcastic ? you might be confusing sarcasm with gallows humor and i'm prettty sure you 're the creepy one , trenchcoat boy
1	nope it works ! http www merriam webster com dictionary sheepish
6	you know how we hold people accountable in the united states of america ? laws elections how 's that working out for jose guerena ?
2	when the entire system is broken steps need to be taken outside of it in order to create real change the extent of change needed is probably where we differ i think it 's time for a revolution , and revolutions by their very nature cannot occur from working with the despots in control lulsec ( even though many are n't american ) are the true patriots in this day and age it should also be noted that wikileaks had a team of people looking over all the information released so as to not put american troops in danger they also released the information through respected journalists who could give more information on a story since the frame up of assange , and his house arrest ( without charges ) is now entering <> days it should be expected that other groups will take up the fight for transparency since they turned assange into a criminal they 've now created many smaller groups willing to fill the void it 's the same backward approach the us takes in its global war on drugs , take out one cartel and then watch the violence spread the us made this shit bed and now they have to lie in it lulzsec are only the first , and this will never end so law enforcement must get used to the hackers having the upper hand
4	i appreciate you taking the time to craft a long , rational post while i ca n't help but disagree with the majority of your second paragraph , i admire you for it
4	yes holding every public official , and especially those elected , is the only way to run a proper government anything less and you 're descending into a fascist dictatorship inch by inch the more scrutiny public servants come under , the better job they will do
4	i 've understood everything it 's you who keeps reeling from exposure now you conflate a desire to expose corruption with " want ing to see the world burn " such rationalizations can lead to evil acts honestly , i'm sorry i teased you i hope you can connect with someone and talk about these things in person
5	a not without retaliation from the police comparably , a policeman will get a slap on the wrist for most of those things b very publicly ? when i get back to tucson i 'll start asking how many people heard about this c identification gives me , what , a name ? going through the legislative system is itself a problem which i 'd be willing to argue against if i did n't have to rehash it as many times as a biologist rehashes evolution to a creationist suffice to say that if a system is corrupt , trying to fix it through its own corrupt ways is not likely to work finally , it does n't take violence to harass policemen and let them know what they were doing was wrong could you imagine the effects of waves of hate mail washing up on your doorstep because of your job ? that 's good enough to get a lot of people looking elsewhere for employment , and probably more effective than looking to legislatures
5	yes holding every public official , and especially those elected , is the only way to run a proper government anything less and you 're descending into a fascist dictatorship inch by inch the more scrutiny public servants come under , the better job they will do
1	worship these guys all you want , but when new security laws come out in response to this crimespree do n't say i did n't tell you so what do you expect to be the result of this ego driven spree of leaks ? you really think we gain so much information about the world from a bunch of pedestrian documents from ' zona pd ? we 're not learning anything we did n't know before and it 's clear that lulzsec is n't in it for " activism " but for the e respect they get for ' taking on the man ' this is childish bullshit and i'm not surprised at how many of you are complete suckers for it
1	we are targeting azdps specifically because we are against sb1070 and the racial profiling anti immigrant police state that is arizona these guys are dumbasses the arizona department of public safety is not the border patrol or sheriff joe 's mcso they are basically highway patrol if they come across illegal immigrants , they do not arrest them or detain them border patrol or ice will do that they patrol highways , assist stranded motorists , investigate accidents , compile crime statistics for arizona and compile police studies ( like infiltrating nazi groups ) if lulzsec wanted to do something constructive , they could have targeted crooks like sheriff joe fuck them sb1070 is n't even being enforced by any state police or judges
2	no private home phone numbers are crossing a line police and even politicians have a right to a personal life as long as they have a way to be contacted and can be held accountable , they 're entitled to privacy in their personal lives it 's their public lives , such as actions while on patrol on statements made regarding a political issue , that need to be publicized furthermore , committing a crime or doing wrong by a law abiding citizen is something that they should be held accountable for and under no circumstances should their position get them preferential treatment whether or not they 're attempt to abuse power is worth of harsher treatment is arguable , but they definitely should not get off easy
7	but the cops dispatched to " track you " would of course just be doing their jobs , and they 'd be paid for it when the tables are turned is when they get upset
6	exactly , i'm saying the cops do not have anonymity either
7	hey man , mind giving us your phone number , home address , full name , email address , email password , spouse 's name ( if any ) , and email address ? oh and where you work as well ? all we want to do is freely distribute it to tons of people on bitorrent thanks , a person enjoying anonymity on the internet
1	way to be a fucking creep i make a joke about how fucked up the world is , and you turn into captain america learn what sarcasm is
6	funny how you ca n't even get my quote correct typical have a nice life here on reddit
5	but it 's not theirs to release thus , it is a ' leak ' of documents that were n't supposed to get out
6	i do n't know about net neutrality but it definitely gives ammunition to people who want to curtail eliminate the anonymity of the internet
2	if i remember correctly indiscriminate killing of civilians has lead to the loss of every major guerilla war in the modern age such examples would include , vietnam , the soviet invasion of afghanistan , the chinese civil war
1	sadly , you speak the truth lulzsec needs to get the fuck out i guess they released the email addresses and passwords to porn accounts for the benefit of watching porn , too , right ?
3	it just might be that some of the people in lulzsec just want to see the world burn
8	thank you i mean , it 's really no different than stringing up tax collectors who were just acting on the king 's orders back on the old days someone has to do those jobs as a current telemarketer i know people do n't like mine much
1	again , what a crock of shit your friends can only go to sleep at night because " i'm just doing my job " maybe when they 're in actual danger they 'll grow a fucking spine and stop supporting evil shit like this
2	net neutrality has been fucked for years now we 'll never get it stop clinging to that one small dream that will never happen
2	i'm all for lulzsec then congratulations you 're an idiot ! lulzsec is , at best , neutral they 've fucked over innocent people because they thought it was funny they do n't serve your agenda they do n't serve any agenda they act according to whatever whims they 've chosen for the moment , and they represent the internet and web culture incredibly poorly when the government starts really pushing for things like internet ids , this will be the sort of thing they point to so far the vast majority of their " hacks " have been technically unimpressive hack work like sql injection they 're nowhere near as good as they think they are , and if they piss off the wrong people the nsa will end them quickly and harshly
1	what a crock of shit you know why police officers do n't worry about the fact that they enforce brutal and disgusting laws ? because they 're afforded anonymity and unaccountability unlike the rest of the public if the people with a state approved strong arm feel like they 're in actual danger from the public , when they feel like their lives are on the fucking line , they 'll be like the rest of us so no , leak their addresses the moment they ca n't just repeat the mantra " i'm just doing my job " is the moment things change
4	thank you for injecting some common sense into the argument
6	lulzsec is going to war with the global elite they hacked the gaming community to get attention alright they need every eye in america watching this and it worked
6	obviously this is a new phenomenon ( http www networkworld com community node <> ) and it 's not like this has been going on since the advent of the internet ( http en wikipedia org wiki kevin mitnick ) no amount of regulation and no number of draconian laws will ever be able protect people from their own stupidity the government has been trying to noose the web for decades now and thanks to mass ignorance this time it might work
1	" for a community that touts itself on being intelligent , diverse , and accepting , i have seen few other organizations completely demonize an entire profession quite as swiftly and callously as reddit has done with police officers " because police officers can and do completely fuck up peoples lives , and you hear about it weekly they have so much power and there are examples of it being abused over and over again if police do n't want to be vilified , then it 's time they clean their own house if they did their job with good intentions , their emails , and memos , and inter agency communications would be mostly boring to the public and people would move on instead , there is a seed of corruption in most police forces in the united states , and the so called " good cops " seem unwilling to do anything about it you may have friends in law enforcement , but i grew up in a cop family , so i have seen and heard cops regularly bending or breaking the law most of my life
2	i will first say that i agree with you on the first point , i understand some people wanted to do the right thing , i even thought of being a cop myself however , in the end , i could never work as a policemen or as a bank teller because my job means contributing to a largely evil system i ca n't just choose to enforce the laws i want and ignore the bad ones , and since your friends ca n't do that either , they 're choosing to enforce evil laws , and that makes me rather ambivalent to their emotions on the issue as for the authority , i guess i grew to hate it over the course of a few years in high school i used to be a big randian capitalist however , after reading a lot of books about social democracy , which lead to books on democratic socialism , which lead to books on anarcho syndicalism , now i have very little sympathy for most people in the system you try to educate them on the evils of it and they turn a blind eye they 'd rather ignore suffering and blatant evil that they are involved in capitalism and the government are intertwined so thoroughly , that it would be accurate to say policemen essentially enforce the desires of the rich and powerful rich people own jails and cigarette and liquor companies after all so they can command the politicians to command the police to throw pot smokers into jail , rich people when , poor people lose and so long as police serve the rich , so long as they 're the knights of the god damn feudal lords , i do n't care how nice they are in person , their ultimate loyalty is to an enemy
4	dear internet hacking groups this is how you gain supporters
2	chaotic neutral is called the " anarchist " or " free spirit " alignment a character of this alignment is an individualist who follows his or her own heart , and generally shirks rules and traditions although they promote the ideals of freedom , it is their own freedom that comes first good and evil come second to their need to be free , and the only reliable thing about them is how totally unreliable they are chaotic neutral characters are free spirited and do not enjoy the unnecessary suffering of others , but if they join a team , it is because that team 's goals happen to coincide with their own at the moment they invariably resent taking orders and can be very selfish in their pursuit of personal goals a chaotic neutral character does not have to be an aimless wanderer they may have a specific goal in mind , but their methods of achieving that goal are often disorganized , unorthodox , or entirely unpredictable
8	depends if they have a hierarchical leadership if they are like anonymous then they are more like an idea rather than an actual group different individuals will take individual action which they are personally accountable for that 's also how anarchism works , there may be a collective objective however everyone is responsible for their own actions
2	while i agree with your contention here , i do have a problem with this line and regardless , these are people with families doing their jobs not some faceless government entity i do not know who else to reference other than lewis black " people act like government is a big building , with arms and legs , walking around doing shit " government is people those are people with wants and needs who succumb to base human emotions that are signing these things into law while the police should not be the target of this operation , maybe their involvement will get the ball rolling on fixing the problem they are already ignoring the citizenry , and even the police not enforcing the law does not change the fact that it is still highly enforceable
3	heh you can wear a mask but the feds can follow you or just track your phone without a warrant you can proxy up but their reach is global no one is truly anonymous and no one is safe
6	edit innawoods replaced his entire comment , which consisted of " everyone who is a fascist ftfy " my original reply remains below is that what it means to you to have a friend ? should the police be checking out your notebooks ?
1	sorry to prove godwin right ( once again ) but is n't this the whole " nazis were just following orders too " argument ? plus many of those officers were in support of sb1070 wikipedia arizona 's law enforcement groups have been split on the bill , <> <> with statewide rank and file police officer groups generally supporting it and police chief associations opposing it however , the phoenix law enforcement association , which represents the city 's police officers , has supported the legislation and lobbied aggressively for its passage i do n't condone the posting of personal information by anybody and definitely think lulzsec is just going after anybody and everybody but if sb1070 is the motivation , then that 's proper justification imo who better to punish than the group that would 've sheepishly til sheepishly is actually a word enforced , supported , and been used as a model in other states to pass the same laws
5	you know , you 're right about that i was thinking that they had to consult the public before they made a decision , but that 's not necessary for them to be held accountable fair enough although i still do n't think that releasing private information is the same as holding them accountable
4	thanks , this was really late at night , and when i woke up , i can only be appalled at my spelling seriously " rich people when , poor people lose "
6	how ?
2	if lulzsec was able to get their hands on that information , every , yes every other group , hackers or not , that sets their mind to it would have been able to get that information the news here is the major failure of protecting sensitive information , next to the outstanding stupidity of az ( us ) law enforcement policies and even greater stupidity of the enforcers
4	i love this , what 's even better are that these people are ready to teach everyone how to do this sort of thing
3	we should remember we live in a golden age for online activism one day these people will realise that a guerilla war is being fought they know how to fight against a guerilla war indiscriminate murder of civilians i will not be surprised if that is not how they respond to this ' hacking ' one day the hacking community will have its own my lai , luckily things have not reached that stage yet , before they realise we must expose them !
1	i may have had some 's ympathy ' for lulzsec at first but now fuck them i hope they get caught and are raped in the ass in prison lulzsec only did this because az had weak security not because of any righteous bullshit ' racial profiling ' bullshit that they are spewing in their press release
3	i 've said it before and i 'll say it again these people will cost us net neutrality
1	fuck this , fuck lulzsec , and fuck anyone who thinks this is cool or admirable or anything other than horribly invasive i have friends in law enforcement and banking who i honestly feel terrible for because they 're constantly vilified despite not doing anything beyond work hard at their low level jobs how the fuck anyone can cry foul about patriot act and government spying but think this is some novel endeavor is beyond me " first they came for the communists , " etc
6	i agree , not sure why someone down voted you
6	how the fuck is this a leak ? lulzsec intentionally released it they did n't " leak " it
3	i understand somebody who got high and is pissed a cop caught them and arrested them for breaking the law might want to abuse this information i 'd honestly rather see the cops not have access to your address without a subpoena or a court order of some sort than to have their address published as well sure , they may be a great guy and a decent cop , but sooner or later a criminal might decide to make it personal , and i 'd rather not have anyone or their family endangered in the name of full disclosure but i do agree that a single consistent standard should be upheld and applicable to all citizens , regardless of job or position
8	ok , being that you are unable to understand , here is my point there is corruption on a mass scale i do n't see where it is wrong to hope that corruption gets exposed , because once the corruption is outed , we can move on to improvement even though this group may be going about it all wrong , at least we can hope they expose some real scandal , and some actual justice and good comes out of the mess trenchcoat boy ? not hardly , jidf go back to your video games
2	thank you , people do n't understand the internet has been under attack sense <> <> , and i wo n't stop being censored until its stopped
6	what came first the chicken or the egg ? operation payback was a response to anon 's ' hacktivism ' , lulzsec is just an extension of this same type of online criminality you ca n't just say welp it was going to happen anyways , no these laws and cybersecurity firms were n't needed until people decided to engage in shady activity
6	they did it to get every ones attention and i 'd say it worked it 's like putting up a giant billboard or a bat signal depending on how things go )
8	because leaking the names and addresses of police officers isnt " activism "
6	what about redditors who used to be b tards and now get a pang of nostalgia at the sight of fresh lulz ?
8	because he just talked in favor of lulzsec r gaming is still pretty upset at their targeting of game companies , especially minecraft they are attention whoring and releasing personal information some think they are a plant to usher in new web censorship laws to get to my point , they should n't be releasing all this info to prove their point , there are better ways the above positive portrayal of lulzsec disagrees with some of the hivemind
6	possibly because they put multiple officers in danger by releasing their personal information ?
4	i'm guessing some people feel salty about how the information is obtained i do n't i'm all for lulzsec and organizations like wikileaks the people should know what the law enforcement is doing i think activists just got fed up with law enforcement hiding behind national security to cover up their questionable actions this is how groups like lulzsec is born
2	i did n't downvote but this " activism " crosses a line when personal addresses of police officers is released the police force did n't pass sb1070 and the bill is n't even being enforced lulzsec is punishing the wrong group here those officers and their families had nothing to do with sb1070 and the release of their personal information completely undermines lulzsec 's assumed high ground
4	finally glad to see them doing more than ddos ' ing and grabbing e mails from members of the gaming industry and are moving on to something practical
2	drug trafficking organizations ( dtos ) , are using available gps technology to target rivals dtos are placing gps tracking devices on load vehicles of their rivals to reveal stash house locations , in order conduct home invasions raids to steal drugs and money on a later date " gee , it 's too bad the courts have ruled that it is perfectly legal to put a tracking device on someone 's car , even without a warrant or other authority i guess that means if you want to prosecute these criminals , you 'll have to wait until they execute their home invasions
8	not every cop in arizona is an asshole racist and releasing detailed instructions on how they use informants to infiltrate some pretty nasty groups while providing names and addresses seems pretty reckless
2	did you miss the part about sb1070 not being enforced ( http en wikipedia org wiki arizona sb <> ) ? the day before the law was to take effect , a federal judge issued a preliminary injunction that blocked the law 's most controversial provisions <> arizona has sought , unsuccessfully to date , to reverse that decision in the federal appeals courts did you also forget how the branches of the government work ? police enforce the laws that the legislature passes and the governor signs and regardless , these are people with families doing their jobs not some faceless government entity
1	that 's ironic seeing as you are the one that is enjoying anonymity if your life is on the " fucking line " i do n't think you should be making comments against the state approved strong arm they could very well track you !
1	what a crock of shit you know every arrest , every ticket , every traffic stop , every report is stamped with an officers name badge number ? every time an officer makes a stop and radios dispatch it is logged police have no anonymity they may not have as much accountability as we would like but there is accountability a police officers home address phone number password personal email is completely unrelated to topic at hand you want to make a statement about this retarded law ? release the logs showing officers racial profiling release the arrest records showing officers just arresting mexicans the police officers had nothing to do with passing this law
2	" if there 's nothing wrong going on , then there 's nothing to hide " except when you do need to hide things like state secrets
3	releasing cell phone numbers , private email addresses and home addresses is not transparency it is dangerous
8	i just do n't understand why you would say something like this at all police officers ' private information phone numbers , home addresses , spouses , spouses ' email addresses do not need to be publicly available on the internet for the public to hold them accountable you know how we hold people accountable in the united states of america ? laws elections these police officers do n't want their actions and intentions hidden ( well maybe they do , i do n't know , but that 's not at issue here ) , they want their private information hidden that 's not unreasonable and although i disagree with police actions from time to time , i for one think that these disagreements should be settled by courts and laws i also disagree with arizona 's laws but that should be settled again by more laws and elections also , do you really think holding " every action " accountable is a good way to run a government ? i mean , you think it 's inefficient now just imagine what it 'd be like if officials had to clear every action with the public there 's not enough red tape in the world
6	i do n't understand the problem someone has to have done the leaking , right ? the government did n't want the information getting out , but someone with access to it worked with lulzsec to leak it out and release it
2	edit for clarification the above poster is content with his daddy 's money , and his video games , and his mommy 's basement , so he does n't want anything to change inside his little bubble , because nothing affects him , therefore it is easy for him to pigeonhole me he either thinks everything in the world is bright and rosy , or likes it the way it is " nothing harder than trying to get someone to understand something , when their paycheck depends on them not understanding it "
6	so the global elite is zeus hiding fire ( read liberty ) from humanity and lulzsec is prometheus who steals it back for us but is ultimately banished for his slight against the gods ?
6	hope griffin attends the erotic coprophage , necorphilia and the other victimless sexual fetishes enjoyed by less than <> of the population ( not that there 's anything wrong with it ) rallies otherwise she 's a bigot wonder if she 's stopped beating her wife yet , or did she grow into it ?
1	you missed my point where did i say gays are n't real people ? what i'm saying is who gives a fuck what some small interest group finds erotic if you like to eat shit or if you find peoples assholes sexually attractive , feel free if you want to call me a bigot for finding that distasteful and not choosing to celebrate it with you , go ahead
2	because gays are a minority and minorities are n't real people and the greatest country in the world needs a boogeyman story to lash out against weak
8	for me the govt should have no part in sanctioning marriage , period it 's an unnecessary power , used to discriminate for tax purposes and to support social engineering geared toward making for a compliant herd bachman sees the minority homosexual lifestyle with the same jaundiced eye that homosexuals might see even smaller minority sexual deviancies such as analingus , bestiality or necrophilia , which was the point of my op these perverts might consider it their " right , " and probably it is as long as they do no harm why not have masturbation pride parades ? everyone does it , but no one is particularly proud really all sexual behavior is pretty gross when you think about it stinky , slimy hedonistic escapism no subject for pride parades or rallies for anyone
6	michele bachmann does more than just find it unappealing she is part of a political machine that opposes gay rights she speaks out against gays and refers to their lifestyle as " bondage " and " sexual dysfunction " she treats gay issues like a boogeyman she actually has a member of her immediate family who is sexually out and practising lesbian , but bachmann does n't acknowledge her anymore griffin was not calling her a bigot based on her not wanting to attend a rally , she was speaking to her record i think most gay people have to get really good at oral sex , i dont think its exactly all about the anal penetration sometimes i wonder how amazing a gay mans mouth would feel on me do you ever wonder if a girl is better at giving oral to a girl than a guy is ? do you start with the clitoris or do you tease the inside folds of her labia and then work up to the clitoris ? just saying
6	wow , what juevos , taking on the man in a frontal attack ! relevant repost ( http i imgur com hvvcf jpg )
6	i was under the impression that lulzsec was the anti anonymous this sounds like hacking for " good " as opposed to doing it just for the lulz am i wrong ?
6	why are n't they attacking the federal government since they put the illegal in illegal immigration
3	i'm not really against chinga la migra , but if these guys just put out raw data like this they 're going to get somebody killed you know the bad guys have computers too , yeah ? if there are informants names and identity there will be blood on the streets as long they understand this , but i doubt if they do
3	according to this totally legitimate ( http www youtube com watch ? v <> ) and awesome taiwanese animated news report , lulzsec and anonymous have joined forces for operation antisec which is aimed at governments
3	not really while there is a chance someone may die , it is a direct result of that person deciding to continue in their line of work supporting this the people who ' had no choice ' as they were too poor and had no other job options are not the people to be put in risk the guy going undercover in some gang , he could have taken a different job of course , as always , when someone is killed , the blame lies with the killer
1	considering that a number of prominent economists , oil industry executives , and regulatory agencies have blamed the inflated price on market speculation , he deserves to get slammed for doing this and not fixing the damn problem its real damn simple , if you do n't have the capabilities to accept future delivery of the contracts then you ca n't buy them fuckers sitting in an office in wall street do n't have anywhere to put millions of barrels of oil , and once you force them to have that in order to play the game it is no longer worth the risk right now they just buy up futures contracts and resell them to each other , limiting the supply of oil futures contracts to actual suppliers and driving up the price just undo bush 's commodity futures modernization act and the price will come down fairly significantly , like <> <> per barrel edit i had n't considered that this move will fuck over some of the speculators on contracts they are holding , so that part is nice
6	you must have made your edit when i was typing my response to your comment it will be interesting to see what this does to the speculation for a little while edit spelling
2	hilarious the turd blossom certainly has a fine sense of the absurd the counter factual hits just roll in consecutively <> " he faces serious threats " really ? is that the threat from bachmann or gingrich or ? please <> " the economy is very weak " he knows this , because he and w made so certain of it during bush 's <> years <> " he 's defending unpopular policies " again , who would know this better than the champion of those unpopular policies gwb instituted and obama has continued ? <> " he 's made bad strategic decisions " mission accomplished ? greeted as liberators ? tora bora ? one of rove 's major skill sets is attributing his team 's own worst features to the opposing team and trying to make the other team somehow culpable watch for it every time
6	the intrade market still gives obama a <> chance of winning , pretty much a coin flip there 's money to be made if anyone really thinks they can predict better
4	and the article was written by karl rove made me lol , especially reading the phrases " he 's defending unpopular policies and he 's made bad strategic decisions "
1	so , let 's see , the piece was written by a guy who is a senior fellow at the brookings institution and was the co editor with william kristol of present dangers crisis and opportunity in american foreign policy ( <> ) no , there 's certainly no partisan bullshit being laid down here
6	they will soldier on and do their best , but as the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , adm mike mullen , put it , in characteristic understatement , they believe the decision will increase the risk to the troops and increase the chance that the mission will not succeed what 's that mission again ? stay in afghanistan perpetually ?
1	what horse shit !
4	funny , they said basically the same thing about vietnam
6	a disaster to the for profit war machine ? ?
2	he 's also an angry , abusive little asshole who tries to intimidate guests and refuses to let people with strong contradictory positions to voice them properly
4	sometimes tds makes cuts , but i 've never heard anyone , left or right , say they were edited poorly on the daily show i honestly think tds has higher journalistic standards than most ( if not all ) ' legitimate , ' news outlets
2	i'm sorry , but i really am not surprised considering the statements he used to start the interview do n't get me wrong i totally agree with you all and this is first time i 've ever seen an interview with this guy he was rude from the start and made it hard to watch with out wanting to nerf bat the guy to unconsciousness
3	take it easy , guys this guy is very angry
1	again , you avoid the difference between bias and activism and distortion strawman this is not a matter of liberal v conservative , though that meme is handy for arguments as specious as yours it 's reality v distortions
6	do you have webbed feet ?
6	you do n't like the idea of pulling our troops out of afghanistan or decriminalizing marijuana on the federal level ? those are two of ron paul 's political positions that chris wallace has used to paint him negatively
1	damn , and after all that respect stewart was giving him on his own show i guess he was wrong to give him the benefit of the doubt
4	wait for the ending haha
5	sad but hardly surprising fox is n't even a news station , it 's just a large propaganda machine
1	i love that the guy who called a team of black women " nappy headed hoes " is making a racial issue out of jon stewart mocking herman cain with a cartoonish voice nobody but the writers at fox news even perceived that in a racial way , and that speaks volumes about how seriously these idiots take a black candidate as if to say he 's not a politician with a voice , he 's a black politician with a black voice bitch please , get over it and what 's with conservatives ' love of the victim role ? i swear , i ca n't remember the last time i heard palin , beck , or anyone else at fox talk for more than five minutes without looking for a shoulder to cry on in response to this cruel , harsh world they face again bitch please
6	does no one else love that imus brought up jon stewart 's " amos and andy " voice , and how no one else could get away with it ?
2	show of hands who expected more of fox ?
1	he does n't want to do that ideologically , he does n't see a need for these things but realistically he does the only difference is that ron paul wants to pay for these things with money that is not printed out of thin air or borrowed from foreign nations ron paul proposes increasing funding to social security , medicare , welfare , foodstamps , all domestic social programs he just wants to pay for them with real money and not debt to do this , you stop sending out billions in foreign aid and you stop global wars of occupation ron paul also wants to eliminate taxing social security , welfare , unemployment as though it was income particularly in the case of social security , people already paid tax on that money when they were young , why are they paying a double tax on their savings ? i hope this cleared some things up for you
2	they edit it so they 'll get traffic on their website
1	" it was still <> minutes , which was longer than we had intended , and if you want to watch the full interview , though i can t imagine why anyone would " yeah , who the fuck wants to watch chris wallace on fox news interview anything
2	why does jon go on fox ? he should insist they air the interview live or not edit it
1	has there ever been major fallout from a news organization pulling the same kind of propaganda shit ( or worse ) that fox does ?
4	happy bireddithday !
1	this is true i have conservative ' friends ' that call facts a left point of view , when all they are are facts stewart does bring a little bit of a liberal slant , but yes he does seem to be more logical than trying to push an agenda he wants to call them on their bull shit which needs to happen
8	while he may not be a " ideological , partisan activist " , the man does have ideas ideas that are larger than just poking fun at cable news because its an easy target remember the crossfire interview ? i do n't think he did that for ratings or to gain credibility
2	because they always manage to prove his point even as they do everything possible to prevent that
8	he goes on to face them instead of hiding away like glen beck does it helps show he stands by what he believes and is open to being challenged
4	in a bashing of what you consider biased media , you took us to a site whose tacking is " real liberal media " good job suitable fair and balanced , my ass ! an unbridled look at the bizarre reality of fox news ( http www amazon com gp product <> ? ie utf8 & tag idenprop <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin <> )
6	how do i get a slice of that tasty cake ?
5	the only response to that maddening crap re " i'm entitled to my opinion " is " you are entitled to your own opinion but not to your own facts " ca n't remember who said that now the good news is one of the latest polls showed americans trusting fox less and watching more pbs news i ca n't believe how long it takes us to wake up sometimes
8	this this kind of passive aggressive and underhanded bullshit that keeps me from ever completely respecting wallace
1	good regurgitation ! but i disagree !
1	again , the issue is not bias , it is distortion the two are not necessarily equivalent
2	my argument is that aligning yourself with any party is a waste of time and that it distracts from learning about the individual candidates for office but feel free to continue
5	i agree with you completely in principle i just get tired of the outrage " fox news lied ! " yeah , i know they know too everyone with a brain knows the thing is , the people who believe their lies are not , i guarantee you , logging on to reddit for an intelligent discussion
2	you do realize it is a comedy show vs what calls itself a " news " network ? i mean the station is called comedy central
2	it 's extremely snide and prejudiced and frankly , expressing such a harsh opinion is beneath the profession of a journalist but we all know if you work for fox news you 're a fucking tool
8	it 's not a personal issue though there 's a whole other world of thought that 's completely independent from me and i think it 's arrogant to assume it 'll collapse if you ignore it those people have their own motivations , they fund themselves , and some of them are friends , family , and coworkers ignoring it may change the tone of reddit , but it does n't fix the problem posting on reddit might not seem like an effective solution to you , but i get a lot out of the debates people make on these boards it 's extremely difficult to talk about politics offline because both parties generally have the ability to poorly reference a much larger store of information than they really understand ( the collection of sites or shows they visit watch ) when i read the debates on here the odds of having been exposed to the information they 're referencing or viewpoints they 're presenting is much greater , and it 's helped me reason with people and move conversations that would have dead ended forwards
6	seriously ? they put out the entire palin interview and she looked worse than she did in the edited that said , her interview was not edited to distort her answers were n't taken out of context she looked bad because she thought healthcare was part of the bailout ( that she supported , by the way ) she looked bad because she could n't answer what she read she looked bad because she got tripped up when asked what she did that day you do n't think anyone on reddit is honest ? not even one person ? wow
6	not exactly i do n't watch jon stewart or chris wallace or any other tv really , for that matter is there anything else you 'd like to assume about me ?
4	actually , the way i see it , his smirk is more of a " i'm getting paid to be an asshole " kind of smirk he can be as stupid or as smart as he likes , be as mean or as nice as he likes he knows that in the end , after editing is all done , he will look like the calm smart guy while anyone else will look the fool
5	i hate the way he talks to ron paul he is responsible for spinning ron paul 's positions into a negative light
2	fox news disgusts me
2	wallace is such a smug prick
1	the imus reference did n't tell you that ? did you read it ? plus , duh , you moron , i'm not criticizing the facts , but seriously , how can everyone fucking complain about fox when this kinda shit happens here everyday just goes to show that reddit does n't really give a fuck about objectivity unscrupulous
4	i believe that fox news sunday contains about <> <> minutes of content without commercials the unedited interview is <> minutes long that 's half of their news program in a week when more actual news happened and they had more interviews and panels to conduct one should note that jon stewart has taken to doing the exact same thing all the time now his interviews go long , he airs part of them on the show ( the show only has <> minutes ) and then tells viewers to watch the rest on the web although he just airs the first <> <> minutes and does n't edit it , which is still a pretty big difference
8	perhaps i phrased myself poorly what i mean is that they deliberately edited specific parts of the conversation to misrepresent what stewart had to say , while claiming in the same interview that they 're fair and balanced they did n't need to keep the entire thing for jon 's points to be properly represented , but they do n't want that proper representation
2	yeah , i see what you 're saying , but do n't you think he undermines his message to some degree because fox does edit him ?
4	besides , the full interview is always put on the daily show 's website stewart even reminds people about it when it 's obvious an interview they 're doing will be too long to completely air
2	the only difference between fox news and the daily show is that they 're both selling ad time
8	i'm aware of how post production works you ca n't use everything you shoot , even if it 's all good and you want to how they edit it is the problem it 's that
4	in a bashing of what you consider biased media , you took us to a site whose tacking is " real liberal media " good job
2	the fox news organization is trolls working for posers the only way they can handle the truth is to bury it
2	stewart should return the favor in kind a whole episode filled with edited clips of the fox cronies so they can see what its like to be edited in such a way that makes them even bigger assholes than they already are i'm talking completely obscene edits , from different interviews and time periods , strung together so that you have glenn beck saying , " i'm a huge dick " or megyn kelly saying , " my crabs are worst case ever seen in the united states "
4	wow jon stewart is something
8	it 's not exactly a big shocker that fox news edits interviews in a way that make their people look good and promotes their greater agenda but i think there are few things being brushed over here most edits are made for time considerations and not because of some underhanded desire to silence the voice of opposition most of what fox cut out was inaudable rabbling between stewart and wallace that , quite frankly , needs done more often on fox news the daily show is the king of editing interviews to promote a specific view on things every single segment on that show is edited for a laugh at the expense of someone they 're interviewing agenda driven or not , stewart has very little ground to stand on when it comes to arguing that he was unfairly censored when his show is doing the exact same thing if editing for comedic value is n't promoting a degree of the sensationalism stewart complains about , then i do n't know what is that being said , stewart and the daily show seem to try harder to let their guests speak during the actual " live " interview on the show and make it known that the full interviews can be seen online immediately fox , in my opinion , does not do this tl dr fox news , though obviously biased , may have had legitimate reasons for editing the interview stewart complaining about this is like the pot calling the kettle black
6	when you all say jon stewart , you mean his writers , right ?
8	as an long time film and video editor i can see what he means sometimes their is a great take you just have to cut down to meet time and sometimes because you want to put so much into the piece you are left with cuts that are less then what you wanted that 's not saying that the editor was n't subconsciously biased , it happens all the time for example , why most doctors in movies are male and nurses are female , the director or casting agent did n't even think about it , its just how they saw it in their head
8	because he believes in being civil , which means talking to people you disagree with
4	agreed
2	i'm sure they have some kind of implicit reciprocity agreement stewart probably wants the fox people to come on his show where he can corner them and or boost his ratings
8	do n't watch them harder
8	i think that so many people vehemently disagree with stewart ( and others like him ) that having him on their show is a ratings boost simply because " those " people expect to see stewart trounced in a debate regardless of the outcome of the debate , " those " people will feel fox news will have " won " possibly also lends to the credence of their " fair and balanced " tagline
4	the godawful shit eating grin on his face when he tries to condescend to stewart makes my stomach churn
4	i believe that fox news sunday contains about <> <> minutes of content without commercials the unedited interview is <> minutes long that 's half of their news program in a week when more actual news happened and they had more interviews and panels to conduct do n't get me wrong , i fucking hate the shit out of fox news too , but this is a very simplistic way of thinking the issue was n't that they edited the interview at all , it 's how it was edited namely , they cut out the <> second reference about how fox news receives " marching orders " , giving jon no context and making him look more like a loony than a reasoned person much like how you appear like a loony for insisting the only reason the program would have to edit an interview was to effect a different opinion , rather than to cut down on time
8	zero news organizations would have aired it in full whether this excuses fox or indicts the media i leave to you
1	damn stewart he worded things so well that they were having issues even making him look bad , but themselves instead does n't he know he 's supposed to hand them material that they can work with to push their pov ? )
1	he 's also an angry , abusive little asshole who tries to intimidate guests and refuses to let people with strong contradictory positions to voice them properly
2	what does fox get out of having stewart on any of their shows ? do they actually think they come away looking like the winner anytime he does an interview with them ?
4	i actually think his greatest coup here was against huffpo
1	he 's also an angry , abusive little asshole who tries to intimidate guests and refuses to let people with strong contradictory positions to voice them properly
8	i agree with your point , but i do n't think he is bringing a left sided pov , but rather a reality based pov it 's interesting that we all now assume that left reality since right fox too often distortions to clarify , i did n't hear him advocating for left policies or ideology he seems to care more about being reasonable than being left he brought up the fox emails that prove that they have marching orders and agendas for their lineup , and that is what they edited out
6	but does he really if he gets edited ?
6	the jon stewart interviews at cnn or fox have been more about criticism of news coverage and less about particular political positions he had his beef with cnn on the cross talk debates about the legitimacy of the debate show in the same vain , he has asked fox to admit they are pushing an agenda rather than call themselves " fair and balanced " i am not sure what is left or right about his main criticisms in these cases
8	wallace says he was n't witty enough to challenge jon stewart on comparing himself ( jon ) to murrow or twain but that 's completely irrelevant because jon specifically said at his " highest aspiration " and he no doubt used that phrase for the specific reason that he did n't want to compare himself to either
6	" they 're not ill informed ? "
1	and chris wallace still has n't been waterboarded for charity since he raped and killed that girl in <> !
2	fox is for cowards
6	til chris wallace is mike wallace 's son how did i not know this before ?
2	yes , because if your point takes more than two minutes to explain , you 're ' filibustering '
6	anyone have a link to the email he was talking about ? i 'd very much like to read it
6	imus is still on tv ? figures fox would give that racist prick a home really goes to show you what their demographic is
6	i know this has nothing to do with the editing , but does anyone else have a problem with both chris wallace and don imus bringing issue to jon 's portrayal of herman cain with his " amos and andy " voice i mean for don imus ( of the famous " nappy headed hoes " comment ) its an astonishing level of hypocrisy , but even for wallace its strange that he brings up this point when he works for a network that once ran with headlines such as " outraged liberals stop picking on obama 's baby mama ! " i just do n't think anyone on fox news can play the race card after obama
2	ron paul 's policy ideas are responsible for putting ron paul in a bad light
2	i think it 's more of an " i only have this job because of my dad and stepfather " type of smirk
6	do n't get me wrong , i love marijuana and hate wars as much as the next responsible young adult , but there 's more to ron paul then that some of it is pretty quirky does n't he have a gold fetish ?
2	you do n't like the idea of pulling our troops out of afghanistan or decriminalizing marijuana on the federal level ? and he likes puppies and kittens but he still wants to get rid of the safety nets , social security and such , so i do n't like him
8	yeah , it 's not like game of thrones is popular or anything um , i mean the king in the north !
6	dude , that was going to be my guess ! also , what do you do when you have to go real bad ? are they quick release laces ?
2	your friend is retarde oh wait you did say he was a conservative
2	exactly , all news organizations need to be called out on it if we did n't live in dumbfuckistan we could have news on the shows like cnn instead of celebrity gossip go back to having the actual news and not leaning one way or the other i do n't understand what is so damn hard about that and it really is disgusting when you 're debating with someone and even after you present facts they 're just like " that is your opinion and i have mine , not going to change it " are n't we suppose to base our opinions on facts not what the bible says or what ever fear story they read edit added second paragraph
2	your friend is retarde oh wait you did say he was a conservative
4	i love watching bill and jon interview each other you can see a great deal of respect between the two they both have very different points of view and have great discussions when on each others shows
8	yeah , over all o ' reilly is n't bad but sometimes he is just over the top and crazy , but only part of fox news i respect ( just a little )
1	chris wallace is a smarmy lookin asshole he 's the kind of person i just want to hit whenever i see him smirk and i'm not even a violent guy it 's just that his face expresses " i'm just being an asshole because i like being an asshole " and that attitude is exactly what he 's doing with jon stewart fuck you , chris wallace
1	by repeating the same claim after the interview where jon refuted that suggestion , is n't wallace proving jon 's point ? i mean , maybe the chris wallace on talk radio is n't the same chris wallace on fox news , and does n't have to adhere to the same journalistic integrity it 's a blatant omission from the conversation , and harms the public by willfully ignoring what transpired
8	the catch to all of this is remembering who the audience is most of the people watching fox are not tech savvy to say the least this is how they will demonize stewart for being on their station edit it down for grandma and then post the full version online so they can claim no responsibility for having to edit down interviews they intentionally let it run long so they can butcher it up , get him as tired and flustered as possible and then for the curious conservative with a computer , they remind you that you 've already seen everything there is to see pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
1	he 's the kind of person i just want to hit whenever i see him smirk and i'm not even a violent guy you sound more like a jon stewart watching type of person , and you appear to be pretty clear on the marching orders he 's given you
1	that surprised me as a remarkably low and rude thing to say why would you say that about your own interview with your own guest ? not to mention one that was very interesting ?
6	what a dick wow
1	poor liberals got <> minutes of stewart instead of <> how will you ever live ? i'm curious , how many of you laughed at palin when she complained about having her interview edited , but now are upset that jon was edited ? anyone ? anyone honest here on reddit ?
8	i know you all can ' t wait to suck jon stewart ' s dick but the daily show is propaganda just like fox news deal with it
3	hmm i wonder if there 's a single conservative on reddit
8	chris wallace misrepresented jon stewart again he said in this interview that stewart claimed that he was " just a comedian " jon stewart actually corrected this very exaggeration of chris wallace during the interview he said he was n't and never had said he was " only a comedian "
2	okay , i already do n't watch fox i guess i wo n't watch them even more now
8	ouch re reading it , i 'd have to agree
2	i was recently presented with some crappy letter to the editor from a right wing paper that was decrying seal team <> for not including any long list of minority groups here in their team at first , i was incredulous that someone took this position but the list included fat people and handicapped people i looked at my friend that presented this and said " okay , clearly a joke i was worried for a moment ! " he shook it under my nose and told me " why do you think it 's a joke ? those are your people that 's what you believe ! " sometimes the conversations are n't worth having
8	o ' reilly always insists that the full unedited interviews be posted online , and he mentions this several times he 's just about the only person on fox news who is resonably fair ( but still unbalanced as he admittedly leans to the right )
2	i was recently presented with some crappy letter to the editor from a right wing paper that was decrying seal team <> for not including any long list of minority groups here in their team at first , i was incredulous that someone took this position but the list included fat people and handicapped people i looked at my friend that presented this and said " okay , clearly a joke i was worried for a moment ! " he shook it under my nose and told me " why do you think it 's a joke ? those are your people that 's what you believe ! " sometimes the conversations are n't worth having
8	could n't agree more they need to be called out on distortions it 's the calling facts " liberal " that just sends me over the moon and we 've all started to accept the premise that there are <> sides to reality and there are not <> sides this is how they get away with selling evolution is a theory it boggles the mind when they equate their opinion with expert knowledge and expect it to be taken as <> sides
5	i mean i would argue that life does have a liberal bias
5	either this is a really obscure song of ice and fire reference or i need to stop assuming everything has to do with what i am currently reading
2	i have very little interest in gop democrat politics the point was that credibility goes down when you link to a site that will , as an opponent , try to make the other side look bad
2	i have very little interest in gop democrat politics the point was that credibility goes down when you link to a site that will , as an opponent , try to make the other side look bad
8	that 's a nice strawman , but bias is not the same thing as having an activist agenda or distorting the truth , which is part of stewart 's point on fox , they claim to be fair and balanced while serving as activists for the gop they donate millions to the rga ( and do not disclose this ) and have every republican <> candidate on as contributors , hosts and analysts save ron paul they also allowed candidates to fund raise on the air during <> elections name another network that has done that why do n't you specify a criticism of the article rather than claiming it 's biased
1	your comment reads exactly like all of the digg patriot comments on digg re politicususa articles not saying you are one , but you should try coming up with a criticism of the facts did you even read the article ?
8	i do n't know that it 's hypocritical for a comedian to edit an interview in pursuit of comedy while being upset that a news program ( especially a " fair and balanced " one ) edited an interview to portray him or his apparent political position in a negative light i agree with you that many of the edits were probably motivated by time rather than ideological concerns , but it does appear , to me at least , that some of them were done due to ideology for that smaller portion , i think stewart certainly has adequate grounds on which to cry " foul " e missing parentheses
5	you 're not alone i was surprised , too i guess the apple has fallen far from the tree
2	wallace has the red ass because he was outdone by a guy who did nothing more than speak the truth he admitted he has a liberal slant he admitted he 's a comedian on a network that sometimes does lowbrow comedy he admitted he 's sometimes been out of line in calling conservatives " racist " he admitted his schtick is not new he even pointed out faux 's viewers are the most consistently uninformed people that watch cable news wallace could n't win a battle of wits with a guy that left his in the car goodness , he 's a douche
8	faux news is utter shite , but you 're really attacking them over what is actually an industry wide practice tds and colbert even cut up interviews how they edit it is the problem
5	but it is worth the effort they spread misinformation to a huge audience , and even some on reddit may not realize it any news organization should pride themselves on informing its viewers in an unbiased and truthful way when they mascarade themselves as being unbiased and truthful and then in fact lie or skew facts , the public should be made aware it hurts the public to be lied to by such a large media corporation with as much influence as they have
2	feel free to make a coherent defense in their absence
2	you know , every time fox news does something biased and unethical , every time they spread some blatant lie , everyone gets all up in arms until it dawns on them that this is what fox does ! yes , they have an agenda yes they are deceptive and manipulative try to get over it for more than one day and just ignore them they are n't worth the effort
2	this was begging for a " eh distorts facts and does n't afraid of anything "
5	i read " world 's largest incinerator " disappointment
2	hitler enthusiast edit thought of something better to say i wish conversations had edit options
2	well we have the <> largest population and you ca n't expect to get accurate numbers on a topic like this from china , and probably not from india either so no real news here also large areas of the globe , like africa real infrastructure and governance so they have much worse problems than incarceration rates all in all this article is just a bunch of misused statistics
6	what about per capita do n't you understand ? being large has nothing to do with it the numbers from both china and india are accurate , maybe not precise , but accurate
2	right , because married couples are known to be much more promiscuous
2	apparently , trombley s fellow legislatures were silent , some of them shaking their heads in disagreement as he spoke a sign of how backwards and uneducated this asshat is
6	i was shocked , shocked i say , to see that this politician is a republican
5	schadenfreude shame on me
6	where does it say the other american was a mercenary ?
1	i wonder if they get half million death benefits like the troops are they considered volunteers , heroes , patriots ?
8	then we should get rid of the fed and the president should stop fucking with the economy if they have no clue what they 're doing
1	those god damn poor people stealing food !
5	in mn , one of the rules is that you have to be working at least <> hours a week to get them so if you are unemployed for a long time , you 're screwed i was out of work for about three months , and during that time i ate dandelion greens , wild garlic , and whatever i could find in dumpsters ( which was itself illegal , but what was i going to do ) supplemented by occasionally spending a tiny amount of my saved cash on a bargain bin thing
1	maybe the wsj should do a story about banking and wall street fraud and how it has cost the world economy trillions of dollars no screw that lets pick on poor people besides the states make the rules as to how and who get food stamps i know of some states where if you have a bank account with <> in it and a <> car , you do not qualify for food stamps , basically meaning you have to be desperately poor to get help
8	do n't be so hard on the wsj the first sentence in the article says , " millionaires are now legally entitled to collect food stamps as long as they have little or no monthly income "
6	which states ?
1	al gore is just pissed obama did n't force every company into the chicago climate exchange , which he co founded and co owned , so he would be a billionaire by now
6	very interesting that the gop is splitting over isolationism the influence of the tea party perhaps ?
6	how does nasa fit into this ?
6	is it wrong that my first reading of this headline was " virginia tech " and not " vermont " ?
6	it makes sense to me , why should n't a pharmacist be able to sell anonymized data on what prescriptions they fill to anyone ? the data could already be sold to research groups
6	the fuck ?
4	i love how this ruling gets no reddit attention and the vt prescription ruling is scrutinized despite the fact that this ruling has a much greater impact on the rights of the individual
6	how often are we going to see that mix for scotus votes ?
2	say you start a forest fire , when the fire looks like it 's about to be contained , and the authorities start investing man power to track down who started the fire , what do you do ? start another forest fire ! that will keep the attention away from you so you can go off and perform some more mischief this is the republican strategy for staying in office eventually you will run out of forests to burn
6	" the reality here is until our republican colleagues are more concerned about our need to reduce the deficit than they are worried about what grover norquist will say , were going to have a really difficult time reducing the deficit , " he van hollen said exactly it 's called compromise you 're not going to get everything that you want when doing it , and you might have to do things which are distasteful to you , but it ends up resulting in something in which both parties can agree to the gop has n't done much of anything to show that they have been willing to compromise at all , and instead have been using this as a coded excuse to try to insist that they get everything their way as such , they threw a tantrum when they essentially found out that they would need to compromise so , this leads me to think that either they never were serious about this to begin with , and just wanted to stall , or they just do n't really care if they want to rejoin now , they should have to lose a little bit of face , and expect to have to compromise a bit harder in order to make up for the little stunt that they did which is n't likely to happen , i 'd think
1	perhaps it 's the steady layoffs of public employees undercutting the demand in the economy ? perhaps what we don ' t need right now is more spending cuts ?
6	me i'm puzzled you still have a job mr bernanke
6	no kidding it 's a toss up between who has a better hit rate bernanke or colorado weathermen
2	the point is that your stupid reference to his heritage debases your argument and you weak rebuttal just piles more bullshit onto a stupid , worthless comment but thanks for contributing to the conversation , genius
6	weird my downvote worked for your propaganda laced comment
6	let 's see how long till the us is placed on a credit rating decline watch ?
6	since when has the constitution stopped congress or the president ? unless the existing constitution and bill of rights are followed , any new amendments are meaningless
6	ok , so let me see if i got this straight we have to wait for a new amendment to be ratified before the rebumblicans will raise the debt ceiling which they did a dozen times under bush how many years did the last amendment we tried to ratify , the equal rights amendment , flail and languor going from state to state to be voted on by <> <> of the general assemblies ? and they want to delay raising the debt by years cantor is the bar none dumbest man in washington at least he proves that not all jews are smart
1	if we 'd get the fuck out of the middle east and stop fighting god damned wars all the time , our economy might not be so fucking bad
2	calling it a balanced budget amendment is extremely dishonest , and borderline criminal , especially since its provisions do nothing to ensure that you actually produce a balanced budget at all , but instead caps spending at <> gdp that 's right if the federal government takes in more than that , they simply ca n't utilize it at all which means should they actually try to pay off debt at all , it eats into the <> gdp cap , since it 's spending , and takes away from what the government can do in fact , we 'd barely be able to keep medicare and social security at that rate , and everything else would have to get shut down this is n't about balancing the budget , but establishing spending caps as such , it 's very dishonest with its naming
4	yeah , it was pretty antisemitic of me to suggest that jewish people are smart or to point out that this is well known stereotype that seems not to hold true in cantor 's case i guess i'm just like people who burn down synagogues no different at all thanks for painting all of us antismites with the same broad brush it really keeps the meaning of the word antisemitism focused on the real problem oh , and do n't point out that irish people are sarcastic that would be anticelticism
4	as a steadfast rule government will spend every dollar it extorts , then keep on spending a constitutional limit on the size of government is a good idea
8	you can have the scholarships , i will take making more money for no reason
1	it 's about fucking time ! oh , and he can skip the medicare cuts part of the deal medicare is not the problem , wars are the problem
1	the title makes it seem like it 's a victory ! it 's not we do n't need medicare cuts to balance the budget
4	in all fairness , under clinton we had the dot com boom too boy , could we use something like that today <> <> companies were dumping cash into it to prevent the y2k bug and building new computer infrastructure ah , the good old days
2	well there 's your problem timmy geithner is a moron
1	fuck you asshole let the government shrink its nothing but a massive murderous parasite
2	i fully expect these clowns to go bankrupt trashing each other in the primaries
2	but that 's the country we 've created ! and people get the government they rightly deserve if americans would have been active and vocal and stayed informed about the banking crisis , we could have made sure that these people were thrown in prison and reforms put into place what did americans do ? yawn and flip the channel then curse obama or bush ( pick your side ) under their breath these people robbed americans blind and there was n't even a loud enough voice to be heard from the idle masses
2	you mean when a shit for brains eco jackass commits fraud he goes to jail good , i hope he receives lots of interracial prison anal sex
2	which is why i support the government selling off all of our federal , state , and local parks ( those that they own ) to firms such as the audubon society rather than let our wildlife be subject to the whim and varies of politicians and the next budget crisis , they should be subject to the whims of people who actually care about the environment and are incentivized to keep it clean and healthy
2	the educational system and mass media has turned the masses into brainless consumers do you expect them to beable to unlearn their childhood ? it is the job of the people who have been able to escape the american mindset to push the society in the right direction
4	rofl well done !
2	just another reason for nonprofit healthcare
6	once again , cold hard cash is free speech limiting the transfer of cold hard cash is the restriction of free speech anybody want to send me some free speech ?
2	i would rather call this data mining of sales data from prescription information medical data mining might at least have some health application this is only a mechanism for the pharmaceutical houses to reward prescribers who specify their products , and to target those prescribers who do n't
8	you deserve more upvotes
2	in my humble opinion i think you are over simplifying things i think paul 's main concern is that we have a private corporation who is owned by individuals unknown to the public that has been given the ability to indebt current and future generations of taxpayers but they are n't being watched or governed by anyone do you really think it is just about gold ? gold and whether our currency is backed by it is a moot point when the foxes are given reign of the hen house and are giving millions to banks , corporations , foreign countries , and private citizens while <> of our populations worries whether they will be able to pay the bills in the future i'm not going to say that i am a supporter of ron paul i despise the entire political system and its players in my country and thinks the whole system should burn in the fires of valhalla but i do support his principles because i know that out country will be a better place if private corporations are put under the same amount of scrutiny as private individuals who are spied on , robbed via income taxes , stripped down , groped , monitored , and abuse on an ongoing basis this is no longer about left and right , christians and muslims , and whatever else they use to divide us it is bigger than that either we change what it happening or we all lose so we have to work together
8	i knew about that story but i think the fact that he has always owned gold and gold stocks and wants to move to a policy where we <> ) use a currency that is backed by more than debt and <> ) audit the private corporation that has been used to transfer trillions in wealth from the hand of the many and middle class to the hands of the few corporations , banks and elites who are the primary owner of <> of the financial wealth in the us more than outweighs his personal ownership of gold plus i 'd rather see that he privately owns gold rather than shares of haliburton , boeing , and lockheed martin which indicate that he directly profits from warmongering do you honestly think we would be worse off as a country by auditing the fed and having a currency that is backed by gold and not just something imaginary made up in a computer in the federal serve ? do you not understand the fact that having a currency backed by debt is only inflationary and distorts the principles of basic economics because it <> ) eliminates deflationary cycles , <> ) punishes savers through inflation and <> ) requires infinite consumption and credit creation in order for the system to grow not everyone understands basic economics in reality versus some textbook theory so i fully understand why you would n't know these things
5	i agree ron paul aside my view is that a move to a currency backed by gold is needed as is auditing the fed but i think we have gone beyond that point of no return now as china by gold as a state and tells it citizens to do the same it only take them to switch to a gold backed currency for our country to devolve into a banana republic in general , while i agree with you statement about the defense contractors providing tools to support our troops , i do n't think it would be necessary if were did n't have active military bases in over <> countries and have military engagements in no less than <> different countries my biggest concern that our military build up and currency decline is eerily similar to the last decade of the roman empire and while i am ready for a collapse most of the country and its leaders are n't and my view is that a move to a metal back currency and holding the fed to be responsible to someone other than itself will soften this potential fall for <> of the population
8	but i think the fact that he has always owned gold and gold stocks and wants to move to a policy where we <> ) use a currency that is backed by more than debt and <> ) audit the private corporation that has been used to transfer trillions in wealth from the hand of the many and middle class to the hands of the few corporations , banks and elites who are the primary owner of <> of the financial wealth in the us more than outweighs his personal ownership of gold who do you think actually owns most of the gold out there ? is it just millions of americans or more likely is it multinational corporations and huge banks ? ron paul is pushing for a commodity back currency that he just happens to own millions of dollars worth ? it 's no surprise that ron paul is doing very well financially right now , and if his financial plans came to fruition he would stand to make a considerable profit ( http ca biz yahoo com siliconalley <> http www businessinsider com what ron paul invests in <> <> id html ? v <> ) i'm all for auditing the fed and finding out where all the funds are , but to suggest that ron paul 's financial theories are altruistic and for the benefit of the average american is lunacy plus i 'd rather see that he privately owns gold rather than shares of haliburton , boeing , and lockheed martin which indicate that he directly profits from warmongering you do realize that all those companies , while they do have defense contracts , do more than just " warmonger " , right ? you 're saying that it 's more important to you that he not invest in companies that build the equipment that hopefully keeps our troops safe than the fact he 's pushing for legislation that will make him a billionaire ? setting aside ron paul 's isolationism , his financial ideas sound great on paper , but monetarism has already proven to be a failure i agree our currency has problems and right now is only serving to benefit a small sector of america , but backing it with gold does n't fix the problem , it just serves to benefit a different sector namely one that ron paul is a part of
6	yeah , gold isnt worth anything and we dont need it for our national economy right i wonder why china bought <> metric tons of the shit back in <>
8	about time someone brought this up at least one politician is n't a complete and utter fraud who only listens to his biggest donors regardless of logic
6	what is the argument against doing this ?
6	actually verifying that the value of the gold entrusted as a reserve matches their financial statements is that a bad thing ?
4	whether the gold is there or not is a moot point our currency is n't backed by gold anymore and , thankfully , never will be again the problem with conspiracy theorists is that they already have their conclusion and will bend the facts to affirm it if the audit comes back as expected , ron paul and his supporters will simply claim the audit was rigged this is nothing but a waste of time and money and the congress has better things to do than worry about shiny metals
6	yea , and it 's weird that gold has remained so stable in value for hundreds of years the chinese are messed up man
2	yeah ! it 's about time a politician does n't do something that entirely benefits his own finances whoops ( http blogs alternet org speakeasy <> <> <> ron pauls holding big money in gold mining stocks washington post hints at subtle corruption ) so he audits the fed to find out how much gold is there if it 's less than they say then his gold goes up in value if it 's appropriate then he uses it as justification for a commodity back currency ( aka gold ) and then the value of gold sky rockets , thus his personal value increases totally legit
8	agreed people genuinely do n't understand that the fact that gold is of limited supply and is a precious metal is why it has acted as currency for thousands of years every fiat currency every created will cease to exist but gold and silver have acted as <> ) a means of exchange and <> ) a store of value look at the fall of rome and you will see that near the end of the empire people hoarded gold and silver coins because the government started devalue other coins by minimizing the amount of gold and silver in the coins to the point that no one would take them sound familiar ?
6	you know what ? we honestly need to start doing this here as well i'm surprised i have n't heard anything about how dc has been flooded with protesters due to the behavior that the gop has had make it uncomfortable for them there in dc , and it will only help to make them look worse in <> for their actions otherwise , they just might get a free pass on this
2	the us has a military presence in some <> nations insanity
3	so , americans , how does it feel to be the new empire on which the sun never sets ? in all seriousness , this trend of setting up bases with large garrisons in nations all across the world is becoming pretty costly , and you rarely hear anyone mention the costs involved in running bases on almost ? every continent on the planet
3	many countries are making simultanious moves i read a few days ago it has to do with busting the oil speculaters who were causing iran to have scary amounts of cash
6	historically , tax revenue as a percentage of gdp has been pretty much constant because of that , should n't we be more concerned with growing gdp than increasing tax rates ?
5	historically , maybe , but not currently current tax rates , especially on the wealthy are at all time lows , and that and the wars are the reasons for our huge deficit it 's " starve the beast " time
1	obama hates small business and israel so you have no point face it , obama sucks as president
4	the odds are stacked against it , but let 's try and remain optimistic and do what we can
2	well , at least their previous arguments could have possibly had a basis in fact like " gay marriange will make it easier for them to adopt kids and it is harmful to children to have <> same sex parents " there is no evidence for that but it was possible to determine whether that statement was true because it was not obviously illogical a priori like we did n't know whether that was true or not until people did studies or the statement , " god meant for only men and women to get married , and our laws should reflect the will of god " now i disagree with that but you can at least get behind the idea that ethics should be considered in law even if we disagree about what ethical system to use in this article , there is no appeal to any kind of hypothesis to test with any kind of evidence there is no philosophical debate to be had about what the law should or should not do he is just saying something that is blatantly false and hoping that because he used certain hot button words people will agree with him this tactic has been used before but not so extreme as to the point that if you speak english , you will know instantly that he is contradicting himself that 's a first for me
6	did they ever even have an argument ?
2	the real reason is to crash the economy 's of oil producing nations , making them fall into revolution and cease their production , then when the regime change has succeded , place a puppet pro western leader in power , and raise gas prices to new highs target iran
8	wont do shit , there isnt a shortage there is too much speculation
2	the problem with the costs at the pump is n't the amount of oil available in the world there 's still enough to meet current demand , even if we 're at peak production the problem is that the oil companies have created a bottleneck in their ability to refine it , and they refuse to build more that 's what 's artificially inflating our fuel prices
3	no , the drug war is the natural result of prohibition exactly the same happened during alcohol prohibition , except that policy got cancelled before it got too far out of hand
2	besides , the usa does n't know what a free market is anyway , since it has never actually had one
6	when you see four men on throne which one do you wish to see slaughtered ? i 've been reading alot of your posts and i 've grown a shining to you my dear tell me about love and death
3	public sector unions and the tsa literally a combination of two horrible ideas
4	great , now we 'll never get rid of them
6	how come tsa gets a union but not walmart ?
2	great i ca n't even imagine what worse service from the tsa even looks like full on smirking and giggling during the groping ? the line is closed for our union designated <> hour lunch ? no tsa , so no flying on holidays ?
8	always good to see working class americans join a union it is good for all of us in the end thankfully , anyone not choosing the luxury of flying commercial never has to deal with these people so even if you are against them , you are free to avoid them thus making their searches and seizures not " unreasonable " as defined by the constitution
8	unionization is n't the problem with the tsa , and it wo n't add to the problem , since it 's very specific their searching procedures are unconstitutional and should be challenged here 's legislation that would help with that https secure aclu org site advocacy ? cmd display & page useraction & id <> & s subsrc <> tsa abuses & jservsessionidr004 kw2g3lrpd6 app226a
8	actually i think this could be the first step to a less strict tsa the union could file charges of forced sexual harassment because they are forced to touch someone they do n't want too
3	oh , no , we 'll be able to get rid of them , so long as three supervisors sign off on it , at least <> documented and un appealed complaints , spend <> months on paid leave status , have their firing approved by a panel of peers , and do n't have seniority
8	the state has not made <> <> billion in required payments to the pension funds , while the municipalities have skipped <> <> billion public employees , meanwhile , have fully paid their required contributions and now they will pay even more
1	then the next election , he 'll go on and on about the dems that did n't support this ' education ' bill fuck that schmuck
2	potus ? america beware , he 's been getting away with this kind of shit for <> years he has very big money supporting him and will go to great lengths to get him elected there are so many idiots running in the gop that he appears to becoming the defacto nominee if you thought w was bad
8	scuba gear ? well that may hurt his presidential aspirations
2	lol what a schmuck , these republicans have no shame
2	war profiteers like crack dealers selling rocks to the dude
2	do n't talk to me about obama and the deficit ( http en wikipedia org wiki reaganomics )
1	i'm referencing the people brkello was talking about that did not complete college ! ! ! !
1	are you serious ? you 're a fucking imbecile ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> us first black elected to head harvard s law review html )
6	yes he was elected president of law review but nowhere in the article are the connections to fellow classmates as far as i know no one has come forward as a friend classmate kinda weird just one link http www freerepublic com focus f news <> posts i do n't have a classmate who ever knew barack obama at columbia ever ! nobody recalls him i'm not exaggerating , i'm not kidding " root adds that he was also , like obama , " class of '83 political science , pre law " and says , " you do n't get more exact or closer than that never met him in my life , do n't know anyone who ever met him at the class reunion , our <> reunion five years ago , who was asked to be the speaker of the class ? me no one ever heard of barack ! and five years ago , nobody even knew who he was the guy who writes the class notes , who 's kind of the , as we say in new york , the macha who knows everybody , has yet to find a person , a human who ever met him is that not strange ? it 's very strange " obama 's photograph does not appear in the school 's yearbook and obama consistently declines requests to talk about his years at columbia , provide school records , or provide the name of any former classmates or friends while at columbia http en wikipedia org wiki wayne allyn root column one note root graduated as valedictorian from his high school , thornton donovan school , then graduated from columbia university in <> as a political science major ( in the same class as president barack obama was supposed to have been in )
4	i realize we 're all related , but it 's just funny to see the link
6	palin 's record may be sketchy but obama 's is non existent and nobody remembers him not one classmate buddy not one very bizarre
2	college does not quantify intelligence see einstein , albert gates , bill please do not construe this as me defending palin , she 's an idiot
4	hahahahaha god you 're an idiot ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> us first black elected to head harvard s law review html )
2	you do n't graduate magna cum laude from harvard as the president of the harvard law review , and garner the sort of praise from professors obama did , without being smart if you do n't think he 's incredibly intelligent , you 're an idiot
6	in what way did you read my comment as saying this ?
6	show me the public record to back this claim where is the school record of such an accomplishment
8	brkello obviously , the branch obama came from must have got the intelligence gene since he was actually able to graduate top of the class in harvard you college does not quantify intelligence
1	rule of thumb do n't fake having a gun
1	" steal a little and they throw you in jail , steal a lot and they make you king " bob dylan
8	homeless , hungry , needed money to stay at detox center well at least now he gets a place to sleep , eat , and detox
6	non sense what is this ?
2	honestly im getting tired of the govt banning regulating controling every aspect of our lives
2	do n't get me wrong i agree that they are intruding way too much
1	the right to bare bath salts !
1	just because one thing is banned that should n't be , does n't mean that other things deserve the same treatment also , you do n't have a constitutional right to get high stated in the bill of rights
8	you dont have to have an assault rifle if you dont want one thats the law
1	because a lot of people do n't think we should have one it 's not a question of " can we , " but of " should we ? "
1	no , because when the founders said that " a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state " they meant that civilians must be allowed to own assault weapons to shoot squirrels , neighbors , and beer cans
1	no typical street thug criminal carries around an assault rifle most people who do have them have them legally and use them responsibly the biggest problem with guns is not the guns them self but the idiots who get their hands on them how about we just have a restriction on stupid people instead ?
8	i can say the same thing about the bath salts
2	obama has said a lot of things , and has unduly flaked on just about as things
8	the " same rights " would include marriage , and obama has never supported that it seems as if he is trying hard to appease both sides of the issue civil union is progress , though
1	and hell remove his statement in the following days just like he did on palestine its a shame really that even the president cant say what he wants to
1	semantics with regard to politics is really starting to piss me off i do n't believe the government should be able to dictate whether or not homosexuals can be " married " leave that to the church that is their institution if the end goal is civil unions , then we should stop even using the words " gay marriage " same with climate change when you refer to it as " global warming " it lets the herp derps be all like " lol , if there was such a thing as global warming then why is it getting colder in the winter ? " " climate change " at least implies " man the weather has been more fucked up than i can remember in my lifetime "
1	vote for ron paul , he would n't fight gays getting married
2	telling gay people they can get a " civil union " but not a " marriage " is logically and morally equivalent to " separate but equal " i wish i knew whether obama was playing politics here , or if he actually believed this the former would show moral cowardice , the latter moral dereliction
8	i completely agree
1	he would , however , support the " right " of states to ban gay sex liberty ! ! <> ! !
6	you mean a tea party blog said some thing stupid ?
6	ok but he tapped into <> <> days worth for what ? why now ?
1	that bastard barack obama went back and edited your post to make it look like i was just repeating you when i asked you what it 's like living in a near delusional state of paranoia ! that fucker ! you 'd think he 'd have more pressing things to attend to , but i guess he 's just that petty
2	that 's correct , please what it is like ? are you easily manipulated into believing and doing anything the government tells you to do ? or is it simply something you struggle with day to day ? for example , if dick cheney told you who was behind <> <> , would you believe him , simply because you are so hysterical you will believe anything to make your weak mind secure again ? obama 's silence on local and state police brutality is in violation of the general welfare clause the federal government must promote the general welfare silence is in direct opposition to that clause and cause for immediate impeachment his silence is to gain more police votes that , though , is against our democratic principles
2	you 're really bad at this " convincing people " thing
6	i found your headline to be sensationalized and it contained ad hominem the article didnt include much substance i'm not trying to judge your political ideology or personal beliefs , they are yours to hold i thought thought it would only be right to follow the reddiquette and explain my down vote
6	and this has what to do with obama ?
1	says the delusional troll with a <> minute old reddit account you do n't even have the balls to to speak your bullshit with your real account you are such a coward
6	um wtf ?
1	the federal government must promote the general welfare by remaining silent on this issue , and by remaining silent on the issue of local and state police brutality , they are not following the general welfare clause that is cause for impeachment
6	oh , i forgot , the executive branch has divorced itself from being responsible for the authorities that ' execute ' or ' carry out ' the laws my mistake my mistake carry on , kneel to your king and kiss his cloth anybody know what its like living in a near delusional state of paranoia ? you there borfo did you hear my question ?
3	what did obama actually have to do with this ? serious question
6	what 's it like living in a near delusional state of paranoia ?
1	i do n't really care what you 're advocating here the fact is that you 're bloody awful at it if you want people to listen to you , stop screaming at them like some sort of juvenile lunatic and start making rational arguments cite your sources leave ad hominem attacks at the door , because insults only alienate the people you wish to convince get a grip
2	how is this an executive issue ? it 's state level and state level stupidity
4	yeah this is really stupid the <> amendment already has this clause in it glad to know our leadership understands our constitution
6	uh correct me if i'm wrong but does not the <> amendment to the constitution guarantee the inalienable right to equal protection under the law ? these lawmakers creating new redundant legislation rather than defending the existing legislation is undermining the entire base of our system of laws
4	hahahaha funny funny
4	wryly amusing
8	ted nugent , by his own words , is a draft dodger on military service he claims that <> days before his draft board physical , he stopped all forms of personal hygiene the last <> days , he ingested nothing but vienna sausages and pepsi and a week before his physical , he stopped using bathrooms altogether , virtually living inside pants caked with his own excrement , stained by his urine that spectacle won nugent a deferment , he says " but if i would have gone over there , i 'd have been killed , or i 'd have killed , or i 'd killed all the hippies in the foxholes i would have killed everybody " detroit free press magazine , july <> , <>
2	nothing personal to ted , but his generation is the one in charge right now and they are largely the reason this country has so many problems
6	as a member of the millennial generation i have to ask who the hell is ted nugent ?
2	ted is a draft dodging chicken hawk , and should keep quiet about any subject concerning americans and the military out of sheer embarrassment over his former actions
6	how does bitching about how many wars we 've been in and how much money we spend on the military contradict dodging the draft ?
1	ted 's a cunt fuck ted
6	ask ted the patriot why he dodged the draft during vietnam , then get back to me , flag waver
8	you are the epitome of ted 's narrative ted 's right , yet feeble minded people like you can not comprehend that patriotism , valor , and the right of americans to govern themselves apart from a large and corrupt government free from the " wisdom " of power hungry politicians are things to strive for , not to bemoan
8	i am also a veteran and ssg in the us army if you have ever served , you know how much he has done for the troops and the uso
8	ted is a representative of a portion of his generation , i e the flag waving super patriots who proved to be chicken hawks when the chips were down as such he does n't deserve the sweat off the b lls of a real american patriot at least that 's the opinion of a veteran and member of the silent generation
2	i 'd like to say americans wo n't fall for that kind of fear mongering , but history is against me
2	wolverines !
2	they should raise the tax to <> <> a gallon , i am sure then the roads would be fixed
1	hell why not <> ? imagine how awesome the roads would be then !
5	i think that 's an overly exaggerated statement i consider myself somewhat liberal i stay away from those labels , and i am constantly arguing on reddit that this country can thrive on lower taxes i personally believe the current tax system amounts to a scam on the american people i did n't vote for obama , and before he was elected warned he would continue many bush doctrines that democrat supporters hated i do n't believe the state should be in the business of providing direct care for the people ( social programs ) but that the people should provide those for themselves but , i do believe in bill of rights and allowing people to live their lives the way they want i believe in liberty , the root of liberalism they way you use the term , it sounds like democrats exercise liberalism , yet most do n't because they submit and vote for legislation that limits individuals liberties , along with most republicans you need to stop listening to hannity and the hippo crit rush limball and realize that there are worthy democrats out there , and that the bad ones are pushing for the same endgame as the bad republicans
6	<> per gallon ? hah !
4	tyl that in poland it 's roughly <> , <> per gallon and opening a new highway is a national grade event be happy that you still keep your liberals in check
5	i feel for you bro here in michigan i find a sense of relief crossing the border into ohio where the roads do n't rattle the shit out of my center console really the only thing for me to look forward passing into ohio oh , and cedar point
8	i work for the government , i am familiar with the gas tax roads are very expensive to maintain there is also a lot of them the tax in your instance its <> <> goes to a state fund , then gets distributed to local governments to improve the roads so its a process based on how well traveled the road is , to get it repaved or repaired bases on the allotted funds that year to the respective government agency
4	haha <>
6	why ?
6	?
4	do n't worry , he 's just a libertard
2	that was n't clear at all that did n't make any god damn sense to be quite honest that was the exact opposite of clear
1	republicans know how to sell an idea and they have the backing of a large amount of money to help push the ideas it 's not easy for anyone in public office to vote against things the people think they need want the " death tax " is a classic example renaming the estate tax to that was genus many folks do n't understand that that means the kids of rich folks now get up to <> million tax free for doing zero work
1	what ? ! you mean funneling increasing amounts of society 's wealth to plug the financial holes in bureaucratic waste is not helpful to the economy ? ! clearly you are a traitor to all americans ! ! !
4	haha i get it )
3	it depends on where the taxes are coming from over the past <> years we have had the idea of trickle down economics taxes have shifted from the high earners to the middle to low earners http www washingtonpost com wp srv special business income inequality so now we have a situation where the top <> hold <> of all the wealth in the us money power that is a huge amount of power in very few hands our tax system use to keep the system is better balance it no longer does
2	we all work our whole lives in the hopes of giving our children a better future having the govt just take a ton of already taxed money that you set aside for your kids , just because they can , is theft
2	repetition does n't make truth
2	so with that logic someone can get <> billion or more tax free for doing zero work how can one have a country where if someone works for the money they have to pay taxes but if someone does zero work to get the money they pay zero taxes that is not a good system trust fund kids should pay taxes on money they did not earn
6	yeah the republicans have had all the power the past couple of years or is it that the democrats are so stupid that they are easy prey for the vastly superior republicans ?
2	do n't editorialize in your headlines please
1	no , let me be clear fuck you for acting like cutting off funding to the most violent organization on the planet makes you a traitor get your head out of your ass that 's all i should say you think government spending is the way out of poverty ? tell that to north koreans , where they eat grass to survive why do n't you try to really picture what that 's like you 're starving , you want a nice big hamburger , you have n't eaten in three whole days , but what is there to eat ? grass cold , unfilling grass you do n't have clean water , either the government run meth lab that 's producing all the meth for china nearby has filled it with solvents that sting your eyes and your throat if you try to drink it , and make you sick so your throat is so parched that the dry grass is cutting your throat and no matter how much of it you eat you ca n't fill your stomach you 're lucky if you can get out of that country without tripping a landmine or getting killed by an electric fence that is , if the guards do n't see you if the government the group in a society that claims it ' s the only group allowed to use force has forbidden you to raise cattle , forbidden you to grow your own food , forbidden you to read books then what will you do to survive ? that 's all a government can do it can either forbid things , or it can take money from you by force and pour it into something else and when it does the second thing , you know what happens ? the people in charge of distributing the money take it for themselves , because there is nothing to stop them the people at the top are criminals , they 're not going to fire them or punish them the whole thing is a giant criminal organization and here you are preaching about how we need to give more money to one yes , it 's just as bad here , it 's actually worse our population is <> million , that 's <> <> of the whole world 's population , and we have one half of the world 's military spending all that money goes to kill people with big , fancy humvees and tanks and rocket launchers and helicopters government spending in north korea is something like <> <> of gdp government spending in the u s is <> of gdp but of course , we 're much richer than they are reddit , do n't upvote this guy <> days ago he posted a headline saying this laugh it up you are all going to die from lung or stomach cancer from nuclear ' fleas ' emanating from japan and raining on the entire northern hemisphere , undetectable by geiger counter nuclear fleas ? really ? but the rest of his post history is a months long temper tantrum against the " gop " i'm thinking " propaganda account , " if not just " gullible idiot " no offense , " truthandjustice , " but you need some serious perspective , either way i see you have all these posts about jesus , you seem to buy into christianity so let me clear something up for you http reddit com r iama comments gh3fd i am a working pastor and have basically lost my read your bible the government killed jesus pontius pilate was a roman governor jesus taught his disciples that pontius pilate was corrupt , that his relationship with the elders of judea was corrupt , that the whole business of politics and money changing and usury was corrupt and guess what ? that 's still the defining feature of our government , gop and democrat alike our politicians borrow money and then make us pay it back , plus interest
2	these guys ( gop ) do n't seem to realize , all they controll is the house of rep by a fairly narrow margin
5	if boehner is guilty of that , then so too is every president for at least the last <> years do not assume malice where incompetence will suffice
5	higher taxes do not a healthy economy make
5	higher taxes do not a healthy economy make
5	higher taxes do not a healthy economy make
4	i once saw a youtube of a monkey humping a football that was pretty funny
2	obama has kept his promise on afghanistan to the letter he said he was going to escalate it he did now he has started the withdrawal process regardless of whether you agree that is the right thing , the title of your post is a total and complete lie
1	best comment no ( i'm moving to canada ) , idiot
6	is this serious ? can you name one good reason why they would n't ?
2	bolton is an evil man he is not qualified to be dogcatcher maybe the guy that shoots the cattle in the head at the slaughterhouse , but nothing more influential than that
2	probably because nobody can stand to be in a room with him long enough
1	then let the dumb son of a bitch know he 's a dumb son of a bitch do it here https lamarsmith house gov contact default aspx
5	sorry for stealing your karma off this guy have an upvote
5	sorry for stealing your karma off this guy have an upvote
1	look at his dumb fuck smile , it aggravates me
1	look at his dumb fuck smile , it aggravates me
1	well fuck you then lamar smith
8	spending your way out of recession seems logical
5	with bernanke clueless about why doubling the deficit in <> years has n't improved the economy can we finally put the keynesian model to bed it is ridiculous to think deficit spending in the capitalist sector toward new technology versus deficit spending on temporary social programs and the back logs of too big too fail international businesses would result in the same outcome most on the right already know this but the left seems to believe they are too intelligent to realize spending on new technology results in marked ip advancement spending on social programs , backlogs and shovel ready projects means you are right back where you started we are at the least , on the worlds most expensive economic experiment with debt
2	stop exploiting dead soldiers for karma , galt
6	expect more it is the fighting season
6	so without debating how much you think a police officer needs to be paid before they 're held accountable by law , let 's get back to clarence thomas thomas should be , not chastised , but rewarded for seeking out new means of keeping the government afloat why ? what benefit does society gain by him accepting money from political interest groups ?
5	that is one of the dumbest things i have ever seen put into words
3	this is where it became obvious that you 're trolling for negative karma the government is broke it is necessary that we , as a society , find new and innovative methods of revenue collection to ensure that vital social services are not cut in any way
6	you 're being sarcastic , right ? how is that any different from cops accepting bribes ?
1	you 're actually saying as long as his votes fit his political position it 's okay for him to take gifts and not report his wife 's salary from people with interests in those rulings ! ? ! ? ! his job is to consider the facts of the cases and making impartial decisions putting all preconceptions and prejudices aside and if he cannot do that to recuse himself
4	thank you i will continue to monitor this as one of her constituents
5	actually , i tend to agree with you on that , and it 's a great disappointment all i can do , and try to do , as a voter is to support the most progressive candidates i can i try to research what they have voted on , where their money comes from , watch any speeches by them on cspan , stuff like that what else can we do ? i only have <> vote
5	yeah i wanted to add bernie , but technically i was responding about democrats ( i e members of the democratic party ) and technically bernie is not a democrat , he 's an independent a socialist actually who caucuses with the democrats
2	i think you 're an idiot because i need to get my dick enlarged in beverly hills ? that 's logical
1	also , let 's not forget let 's not forget , dude that keeping wildlife , an amphibious rodent , for uh , domestic , you know , within the city that ai n't legal either
1	he can get all the pubic hair he wants in prison
3	i think that lincoln bust aei link is a bit of a distraction aei just filed amicus briefs , which anyone with the money can do there are other issues that may have more relevance , but this ( and the silence from the bench ) really is n't one of them
1	racist !
2	yeah , he needs to go , as do scalia but they 're not going to , and no republican dominated congress is going to force them you can rail against the corruption of the scotus all you like , but i bet you that thomas will sit until the day he 's found dead in a motel room with a hooker
8	look , let me be clear if we as a society would pay peace officers their true market worth , then they would have no need to seek out other means of income
7	mr thomas is lucky there was no such thing as twitter when he was sexually harassing hill , or he 'd be chasing ambulances outside of muni court like the hack he is no , he 's a conservative judge so its okay for him to have values the shift with the wind
5	sorry but i'm too busy being outraged by government spending , those fatcat public workers and eating my big mac
2	i am a republican and i am disgusted by clarence thomas after reading this article no interest group should be able to buy a supreme court vote
5	you know that this will never happen because him resigning would mean that obama gets to swing the deciding vote on the scotus conservatives are going to defend thomas even if he was caught on tape killing someone
3	there really should be term limits for the scotus
8	you could have just as easily responded to clarify your comment rather than to attempt to be insulting that no one understands what you 're saying does n't mean you 're smarter than they are there 's another obvious possibility there
6	would it not be accurate to say , though , that most of the democratic party is bought and sold by corporate interests as well ?
2	i lol so fucking hard at you idealistic children that think your precious democratic party is pure as the driven snow ! trial lawyers , public unions , big record and recording , cable companies , wall street , big banks and many more own the democratic party do some simple research and pop your cherries to the fact that all of the us government is bought and paid for by special interest repbublican and democrat alike
4	ca <> hi five i'm pretty liberal , maybe not even to her extent but it really really feels like it 's a waste of my time writing her about issues because for the most part , i know she 's gonna do me right
6	no i was asking for the democrats who are not bought and paid for who are they ?
6	how about answering his question ?
6	so basically you 're saying that if he takes money from the teaparty it 's cool as long as he rules for the teaparty 's interests , but if he rules against the teaparty he should be investigated ?
3	i concur all of the people in office need to be removed , immediately
1	and he never disclosed that he donated it !
7	exactly in order for the supreme court to function in the best interests of society , it is necessary for them to be properly insulated from things that could affect their ability to do the job investigations and convictions would paralyze the entire judicial branch of government , and drain money and resources from the taxpayer we , as a society , have made the necessary decision grant thomas the necessary leeway if you ca n't grasp the concept , then either go take a civics class , or move to somalia
6	syntax error did you mean if ( party ofaccused r & & accountability means r ) boolean prosecution false
2	i disagree most of the problem is that the federal judicial code does not apply to the supreme court justices if they were held to the same standard as federal judges , thomas would have had to recuse himself in several cases so far alternatively , the penalties for " forgetting " to report the money his wife " earned " would force him out of his seat
4	you should watch the wire very interesting towards the <> and <> season with behind closed doors political games and such
8	and the republican senators would have to agree it takes a <> <> majority in the senate to remove an impeached official from office that 's not the filibuster , that 's written right into the constitution
1	no they may be impeached , but they may not be recalled there 's no such thing as recalling a federal official
8	i getcha and a uv worthy point cops currently can run side businesses if they want to i think , and if crack was legal i 'd be cool with them being able to sell it , because there would be no conflict of interest between their side business and the occupation they chose in service of the public that said i was using the cops selling crack thing as analogy for conflict of interest in professions like a cop being paid by a criminal to look the other way when a crime is committed
8	no thomas is a member of the government the government is broke it is necessary that we , as a society , find new and innovative methods of revenue collection to ensure that vital social services are not cut in any way thomas should be , not chastised , but rewarded for seeking out new means of keeping the government afloat
1	what the fuck is wrong with you ?
6	just apply ethics rules to supreme court if thy are ethical , no big deal , right ?
4	all the democrats from maryland , because we like it that way
6	how about boerner handing out checks on the house floor ? http www liveleak com view ? i d3a <>
2	haha wow ! they actually almost impeached somebody because they had a bias that affected their rulings ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! how far we have fallen
2	i 'd say it 's more that he can technically be impeached , but that will never happen to begin with the impeachment must start in the house which is currently run by republicans and will be until <> at the very earliest it is absolutely , <> , guaranteed they will not vote to impeach thomas but even if we assume by some miracle the house does vote to impeach it then takes a <> <> majority for the senate to remove thomas from office this is also absolutely , <> , guaranteed not to happen so basically it 'd take two separate acts of the republicans voting to impeach one of the younger ultra conservative justices and leave an opening that the evil commiefaggot secret muslim kenyan illegal " president " could fill i'm absolutely sure that thomas could , on live national television , accept one of those oversized checks from a person with a case pending before the court and the republicans would not vote to impeach him in fact , i would n't be surprised if he did just this to rub our noses in the fact that he will never , ever , be removed from office for his corruption hell , i'm fairly sure that thomas could commit murder on live national television and the republicans would not vote to impeach him
2	do n't kid yourself there are no honest politicians left true story
6	oh yeah ? name them
2	its ethics boards all the way down
2	that 's bad but it is n't treason it 's corruption
6	in order for the supreme court to function in the best interests of society , it is necessary for them to be properly insulated from things that could affect their ability to do the job would n't special interest money be one of those things they should be insulated from because it could effect the way a judge does their job ?
2	wow , what a pile of horse shit this is n't somalia we have granted thomas power to represent us if he fails to represent and rule in our interests , then he has failed to do his job and should be removed from his position
1	tough luck , he 's a republican he 's not going anywhere nor will he be convicted or even investigated for anything
4	bernie sanders , although officially an independent socialist , congressman jan schakowski to name <>
1	are you naive enough to think van jones was the only one ? the arrested protesters , including jones , won a small legal settlement jones later said that " the incident deepened my disaffection with the system and accelerated my political radicalization " <> jones said he was " a rowdy nationalist " <> before the king verdict was announced by august of that year , he said , " i was a communist " <> you mad ? you do n't like being called a racist ? you can turn on any cable news network and at least once an hour hear some whacked out liberal calling a conservative a racist if you even question the policies of obama you are called a racist so only you and your kind can spot racist ? only you and your kind are above racism ? reid and biden have made horrific racist statements about obama in the past but nope ! they ca n't be racist they are democrats only conservatives are racist ! ! im not playing any racial card i am just giving the self proclaimed intellectual dumb fucks a taste of their own medicine
2	nazis are showing up at mainstream right wing " tea party " political rallies , they are n't showing up at democrat events your argument is invalid
8	were you old enough to understand the case at the time ? it was all over the news and it was a huge televised scandal i'm pretty sure my mom called him a pervert after we heard the " there 's a pubic hair on my coke " quote no i was still a kid back then and did n't care about politics the only knowledge i have is from reading the various articles that have been written on it what actual evidence was there that thomas sexually harassed hill ? everything i 've read was anecdotal evidence from either side just as many people testified on behalf of thomas as against thomas why do you automatically assume guilt ? it 's not " slander and libel " , he 's using contributions illegally what money has he been given that he used illegally ? what specific law was broken ?
4	well played
8	barbara lee for one , and i do n't just say that because she is one of my representatives but she has really been an awesome progressive candidate and really looked out for the interests of the working class , the poor , and the oppressed in this country russ feingold comes to mind , that man was a staunch opponent of corporate interests lynn woolsey and pete stark from california who are in the progressive caucus ( all of whom are democrats ) are pretty amazing representatives who have fought corporate interests in congress raul grijalva from arizona comes to mind too
8	coexistence and non aggression do not harm another because they are " different " from you do not feel scared , frightened and under attack what is right is to accept and coexist with those who are different from you without calling them hateful names or attacking them in any way love conquers hate there is no more need for conflict conflict is what is not wanted peace , love , acceptance no calling someone a " racist " or a " pervert " and pronouncing your nature as objectively superior to theirs we can peacefully coexist with each other , there is no need for " revenge " that only brings more feeling of oppression and leads to those who attack being attacked back establish a dialogue with the others nature that does not judge or pronounce them a objectively " bad " do not harm do not harm do not engage is legal warfare for dominance over those different from yourself respect other natures and do not attempt to impose your own on them , in return they will respect you and not attempt to impose their nature on you imposing a foreign nature leads to feelings of oppression and hatred for those " oppressors " and then that leads to violence , death and destruction , pain and suffering do not punish , accept when the consciousnesses can accept each other as different without wanting to destroy each other then we can have a dialogue that does not create feelings of oppression and conflict
6	in all fairness it 's not like he went and sent pictures of his cock to consenting women he was having some kind of online kink fest with
2	in my opinion , he has no business sitting on the high court after the reprehensible treatment he forced anita hill to endure everybody should read a brief summary of the anita hill " scandal " here ( http en wikipedia org wiki clarence thomas supreme court nomination controversy over allegations and sexual harassment ) and also remember that most people who were around at the time supported thomas over anita hill this notion that thomas is a sexual deviant and harassed anita hill is n't grounded in reality or facts back to the matter at hand , if any of these left wing groups think thomas is acting illegally , they have the duty to take him to court and force the issue for impeachment by the senate anything less means they are just trying to slander and libel him
4	look , it 's fine it 's not like he showed his penis on twitter , and we all know how much that twitter picture influenced us policy s
2	clinton committed perjury hell , all politicians have something in their closet we keep the rest of them lemme know when you get some sense to get rid of all of them , then i 'll listen
2	i got to the part where it said " as has been stated , supreme court justices are exempt from following the judicial code of conduct " while i realized that the clause that allows him to file amendments to his finincial disclosures means that so long as he amends he is n't in violation of a law and stopped thinking about it if you want this to be true , i understand it 's good to want things better to campaign on an issue or against a person that you could actually hurt , with an actual isssue though
8	bet you guys wouldnt feel the same if a republican were in the white house to appoint the next one
6	i think i see the problem here may i suggest professional help ? ( http www beverlyhillssurgical com )
6	this is an instance of conservative corruption can you discuss this instance without changing the subject ? it seems that you are incapable
6	do you actually know what treason is ? do you understand how law works ?
2	with all due respect that makes no sense the constitution does not give the court the power to reexamine cases that have been decided and most if not all cases that were decided are no longer ripe and therefore do not present a " case or controversy " under article iii that is all before we get into all the parties who will need to reenter litigation since their case was decided based on precedent you 're suggesting we overturn on both the civil and the criminal side the costs of doing that are easily in the billions of dollars finally , " treason against the united states , shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort " u s const art iii , <> that is not fulfilled here tl dr that 's an unconstitutional idea and even if it were n't it would still be a very bad one
2	no , he 's accused of lying by leftist kook websites who do n't have sufficient knowledge of the laws and rules governing supreme court justices to make that decision they 've been in full deflection mode since weiner got caught with his pants down
2	ughhh , sorry to inform you but most if not all our elected politicians are doing the exact same thing these people do n't care about you , they are in power to kept their friends rich and to get richer themselves capitalism , is a lie that america brought , and now we must reap what we sowed
6	what , like they strung him up with fiber optic cables ?
8	yep bunch of racist that believe no real black man can be conservative he must be an uncle tom ! these kids that think they are rightous progressives fuckin sicken me if they only knew the real racist , nazi loving roots of the progressive movement , they would fuckin throw up or maybe not
8	and also remember that most people who were around at the time supported thomas over anita hill were you old enough to understand the case at the time ? it was all over the news and it was a huge televised scandal i'm pretty sure my mom called him a pervert after we heard the " there 's a pubic hair on my coke " quote i would n't say anyone supported him , he was rather the beginnings of a new movement in massive policy change on sexual harassment , and an onslaught of lawsuits from many other similar cases clarance thomas set the mold for sexual harassment back then , they did n't even know how to pronounce " harassment " , they said " hair ' ess ment " it 's not " slander and libel " , he 's using contributions illegally
6	if party of accused r and means of accountability r then prosecution false republicans will close ranks around their own , criminal or otherwise to impeach him , the republican house would have to vote for the rule of law over the rule of republicans
5	true that i just figured i 'd add my two cents good luck against the troll
3	of all things at risk for the <> elections this needs to be stressed as a huge point talk to every candidate and get a promise to impeach him
2	these justices are n't elected , and are not politicians if he 's acting like a politician , then he should resign
5	look , let me be clear political interest groups are also part of society ( " people " , if you will ) you seem heck bent on discriminating against those particular people , and that is just plain bigotry
6	why should a justice be a lifelong held job ? there is no rhyme or reason for this , except a self serving one
2	it is necessary for them to be properly insulated from things that could affect their ability to do the job like undisclosed political donations
1	he betrayed us citizens for the interests of a corporation i do n't think that 's different from betraying us citizens for another nation , sorry if you do the point is that he is a cancer and should be removed ( or irradiated )
8	he 's just pointing out that by the articles extremely obvious bias against conservatism makes it lose credibility when talking about the issue at hand
1	he has betrayed the citizens of the united states of america he did it for himself instead of another nation but in one of the highest offices of this country he betrayed the people who have no choice but to trust him that 's pretty treasonous he does n't have to sell nukes to russia to qualify he sold us out to corporate interests instead
8	aid and comfort to the corporate enemies of the people every single case he has been a part of is pretty much unconstitutional now , by the way he is n't supposed to put the interests of anyone but the law and the citizens into his decisions his betrayal indicates that there were many cases that might have been decided differently if he had followed his oath and duty to the people obviously we ca n't just reverse all those but every single case where his vote was a tipping point should have the option of being retried
6	so why is it a big deal if he is accepting what would normally be illegal gifts ? well , any party that appears before him has to wonder if his opinion was already purchased by the other side it leads to our inability to rely on " justice "
2	so he " forgot " to report <> if i forget to tell my wife i slept with another woman , i'm not cheating right ? i just " forgot " ? edit i would also like to add that it was n't until weiner started challenging thomas on this that his " issues " even got brought to light i do n't know if it was a hit job or if it was just a coincidence , but it is awfully cute timing
1	that article lost all credibility with the line " consevative corruption is nothing new in washington dc " no , fuckwit , corruption is nothing new in washington dc if you 're going to pretend that it 's only a conservative thing or even that conservatives are more guilty of it than liberals , then your work is meaningless most of these sons of bitches in office are corrupt both parties do n't be a fucking child
6	it 's weird he 's lying and getting away with it not to mention the conflict of interest stuff which most lawyers take pretty seriously but apparently not the ones that argue before the supreme court
2	every single case he has heard should be reexamed without his vote if that means some cases get re decided the other way , so be it he 's a corrupt piece of shit that deserves nothing less than to be charged with treason
3	as one of the posters to this article pointed out , if there was any chance that thomas was actually breaking the law , our attorney general would look into it maybe he is and just has n't made it public yet
1	well , he 's no roger b taney , but he 's still a terrible justice
1	where does he live i ' ll fix it
6	all we need are some underwear pic now and i 'll support this <>
3	i can only imagine this is planned and the monster he is replaced with will only speed up the destruction of this country
2	the main reason is so they do n't have to worry about political retribution for decisions that go against the powers that be they are free to follow the law with out worrying about getting fired for pissing someone off obviously if they are bought and paid for , that goes out the window along with all other accountability
6	silly kid who ever said you are included in ' we ' ?
2	i think what we should be asking is who is the least beholden because quite frankly i think most members of both parties have ties that guide their thinking the american system is corrupt and broken generally in my opinion and to find someone clean would be almost impossible
1	raul grijalva is a motha fucking badass ! fact check bitches http www votesmart org voting category php ? can id <> how can we as enabled citizens support more representatives like this man and garner support to overthrow our status quo of republican and democrats ? i vote green party cause they 're the most aligned with my worldviews however i know tons of people that are not aware of them or are n't willing to investigate alternatives at all we should be able to channel our might into the fury of angry citizens come let us brainstorm a way to become one mighty force of checks and balances against corruption and corporatocracy ! srsly , we need to come together it 's the only way , how can we do this ?
5	my apologies for taking you at your words rather than trying to read your mind to find the vague context implied by a username from an earlier post
1	shit dude , i see what you 're saying , but ca n't you look at your post and see how it was kinda vague and easily misinterpretted ? way to go from <> to dick in no time flat
6	there 's a difference between supporting israel as a generality and being backed by aipac which pretty much every american politician is
8	sure they should crack should be legal , and cops ( if they choose ) should be allowed to run side businesses
2	it was in the same thread , and obvious sarcasm i apologize that your brain does not function above a third grade level and ca n't keep track of simple conversations
3	but then the whole system will collapse !
5	the supreme court should be held to a higher standard this is the body that is the final arbiter of law in the u s and it 's members receive lifetime appointments there must some sort of check on egregious behavior like this
2	i do n't mean to single out republicans particularly , but you do realize that most of your party is bought and paid for by corporate and special interests ? not saying that this does n't happen among democrats , but there are at least some in the democratic party who are not wholly owned by their corporate backers
6	wait , so the constitution doesnt make provisions for how to impeach a supreme court justice ? huh and you know whats not in the constitution judicial review
8	it 's not about thomas , though your supreme court needs a very clear ethics board that can apply horrible penalties currently , there are zero non voluntary measures short of congress impeachment honestly , an ethics board should be feared justices should be terrified of ethics violations they ought to be " oh god , please do n't let the ethics ' rottweiler eat my testicles " penalties ought to be epic , given the status of the court like fire or acid a slow , public dissolving might give a man pause
2	thomas not only will sell his ass for a dollar he will sell yours for <> cents
2	you people are so na ve , every single year your senators and even lower grade politicians receive hundreds of thousands of dollars to " consider " some arguments about some votes with a " keen " eye
6	we do n't even need a supreme court why do we let a bunch of lawyers in robes dictate what the laws of our people should be ? screw that we do n't need to put up with it
6	what crime did she commit ?
2	to quote from billy madison " what you 've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard at no point in your rambling , incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it i award you no points , and may god have mercy on your soul "
6	is it possible to recall a supreme court justice ?
3	we needed him gone before he got there
1	clarence thomas is an asshole , but it would be incorrect to call him stupid , as the author in the linked article did he is extremely intelligent i have to wonder if the author , or anyone condemning the guy , has actually read any of his published opinions , dissents , concurrences , etc you may disagree with his judicial philosophy , and his ethics , but branding him as a " vapid intellectual presence " who " has n't had an original thought since his shameful senate approval " would be a mistake you can find his writings here http www law cornell edu supct author php ? thomas
6	you have ( falsely ) assumed that it should be any different police officers face delicate scenarios every day situations that you , the average citizen , does not have the training and experience to know how to handle look , let me be clear there are too many laws on the books as such , we as a society must give peace officers the ability to use their best judgement
6	might want to read that in context " his " stoopidflanders is this digg ? should i explain every post ?
6	might want to read that in context " his " stoopidflanders is this digg ? should i explain every post ?
3	read the comment i wrote above barbara lee , lynn woolsey , pete stark , raul grijalva , all have consistently voted progressive causes , and against corporate interests when those interests were perceived to be harmful to the middle class and working poor in this country those are just a few , there are probably more it 's interesting that the progressive caucus in congress does not have any republican members just saying
3	i thought bernie sanders sold out to the banks
2	i agree , all politicians are brought and paid for by some corporation , its like we are the caldari state in eve hell , obama is brought and paid for by corporate interests just look at the differences of senator obama and president obama
3	because , if we did n't have it , then it would be god 's rule and if you have read the bible you see how that went
2	please , just be quiet with all this leftist and rightie babble we here enough of this shit on the news , on the radio , and in everyday life if you really want to say anything , how about you admit to yourself all these mfers are corrupt and should be in prison or better yet be sent to fight the wars they started
8	there have been no communists anywhere near the us government next time , you will be less embarrassed if you learn the meanings of words by looking them up in a dictionary before you start bleating them in public clarence thomas ' race has nothing to do with it whatsoever your attempt to play the racial persecution card is pathetic to the point of self parody
4	wow , you have an uncanny ability to say lots of things that are n't true kudos !
6	really ? downvoted ? the article does n't mention criminal violations so i am honestly curious what crime she committed
2	you must be a conservative sent to try to misinform us , just like your ideas about intelligent design ah , this guy sexually harassed a women without her consent , i happen to think that is worse then sending a penis pic
1	nope , he only sexually harassed non consenting women
6	where did race come into the discussion ?
8	there are at least some in the democratic party who are not wholly owned by their corporate backers love to hear some names all i can think of is kucinich
6	yes , but who watches the watchmen ?
2	nope he stays and is one of the votes that will rid us of the nation killing obama care bill after that you racist can get rid of him first rule of the interwebs never believe everything you read on the internet especially from some no name fringe leftist rag if this was all true , do n't you think the leftist communist who currently occupy portions of our government would be raising hell to get him out ? these are just racist leftist that ca n't stand that a black man uncle tom has a conservative bent trust me , if this was some whack leftist , they would think he is god
1	ginni is freaking koo koo significant clarence thomas a biography ( http www amazon com gp product <> ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin <> )
6	why ? in rep speak they would called " revenue enhancements " and everybody would vote for them
5	democrats wanted to raise taxes and eliminate loop holes thats a double hit they may want to raise taxes on the super rich ( this is something obama has suggested a number of times ) , but in this particular negotiation , as i understand it , all democrats are asking for is an elimination of subsidies , tax breaks , and loopholes for big businesses and anyway , that 's not a " double hit " it is , at most , a " single hit " ( but since taxes on the rich are far lower than they should be in an ostensibly progressive taxation system , that 's debatable ) again , closing tax loopholes is not the same as raising taxes it 's just eliminating methods of cheating the system also many republicans were for eliminating ethonal subsides and the like why did n't that pass ? many democrats are for eliminating ethanol subsidies as well and it did pass the final senate vote ( http www reuters com article <> <> <> us usa senate ethanol idustre75f5in20110616 ) on the measure was <> <> in favor the white house has said they 're against ending ethanol subsidies , but it 's not quite accurate to suggest republicans were all for it and democrats were all against
6	correction republicans wanted to eliminate many loop holes but leave rates the same democrats wanted to raise taxes and eliminate loop holes thats a double hit also many republicans were for eliminating ethonal subsides and the like why did n't that pass ?
2	squirm dogs !
5	man , he still does n't get it " the daily show " is a comedy show it airs on comedy central and yet , wallace keeps trying to compare fox news to the daily show as if to say " see ? we do things so much better than their show " you would think that comparing his own show to a comedy show would be damaging to whatever reputation that wallace thinks he has
2	bad teeth have been running rampant in this country for years
2	you do n't think that a country rife with militant jihadists will praise a man who attempted to murder someone for slandering muhammad ? it 's happened already with some returnees from guantanamo , as well as the guy who planned the pan am <> bombing
4	excellent that 's actually an extremely harsh sentence by scandinavian standards , which shows the danes take this seriously
4	oh , i get it , because somalia is that country where people are always shooting one another oh , it 's fun to make fun of them !
1	is it possible to stay there for over <> years ? like if there is a good chance of the person repeating the crime
8	if you 're referring to kubrick 's version then , yes , that 's blasphemy
4	well im from denmark , but i was speaking generally but it seems like it only goes one way the french does n't have that many words that look english or danish , the same go for the germans though it have changed a lot the last fifty years , where new english words is more common pc or computer are good examples even though they have their own words for it too but our words and language is very much depended on where we get our cultural impact from
2	not everyone in denmark are violent douchebags though
8	but holland is a region of the netherlands texas and the us are popularly interchangeable does n't make it any more correct edit ok , maybe a better example is that america and the us are used interchangeably
1	you 're a fucking idiot
3	this has been going on in quite a few threads
2	left arms are typically worthless
8	it 's called selective reporting , jesus people , use your heads
3	i still think it 's silly to charge someone for ' terrorism ' , especially in cases where it makes more sense to charge them for old fashioned crimes like in this case breaking and entering , threatening with a deadly weapon , violence against a police officer and attempted murder
3	on the other hand , the terrible conditions in us prisons basically set the inmates up to re offend later even if there is a playstation , having your freedom taken away is still a serious punishment we do n't need to torture people we need to remove the causes of crime
5	also a much more homogenous population , for now we 'll see how you deal with non white diversity in the coming decades , as the muslims continue to poor in it does n't look good so far though , does it ? ask the french
2	are you saying that somali refugee did not try to kill a danish man over a fucking cartoon ? has foxnews somehow lied in this particular instance ? explain
1	he did n't piss of ' his own danish citizens ' he did , however piss of some nutcase muslims and he did that knowing what could happen this was not about freedom of speech , people who argue that are very ignorant to the fact that freedom of speech does not exist over nation borders , it 's not some universal right no , the cartoons was one mans idea of profiting from a certain situation i say , go ahead and profit , good for you if you pull it of , but do n't come whining when shit like this happen
1	" black people are still called nigger , and they are so proud of it they wo n't call you black , but prefer that term see to them , it does n't matter that the term is insulting , what matters is what they think the term means , so they keep using it and to hell with if other people get upset " where in the world do you get this from sir ? yes , some people here are racists just as some are in every country in the world the term nigger is most often seen upon as a soft swear word here ( in denmark ) , and it 's mostly old people who use the term , as that 's what they grew up with and they are stubborn it saddens me to read that you have had a bad experience here , but of course it depends on the place you 've been and the people you 've met some people do fear foreign people here , with the reason usualy being the fear of terrorist or the media 's role in highlighting foreigners crimes
1	that is because it is filled with somalians
2	christianity deserves all the same criticisms that islam does
2	i know it is fucking annoying to get people like you described , in my community but i guess a lot of nationalities struggle with this it 's human to not like a people only because of a few bad encounters we only remember the bad things that happened to us , say , yesterday thanks for the kind words you happen to be fnnish ?
8	yeah , my previous comment seemed like trying to sound " deep " for some moron maybe i am trying to explain that someone might perceive comic of their holy figure as not trivial matter and people knew that so why are you acting like its some surprise
4	agreed and agreed time to end irrelevant discussion before we get downvoted to hell
2	well it 's not like they can worsen your death penalty
7	i understand you are a good person i mean that
2	there may be a lot of them , but there are a lot of fucked up things happening because of islam and a lot of people perpetrate these acts or fail to condemn them with enough force i know it 's cool to support the underdog and whatnot but jsut open your eyes , the world does not prosper where islam prevails
2	shit sorry
7	unless they capped the article with " and it was all obamas fault , " i'm not sure what about this does n't qualify as news in your eyes
1	anyone willing to kill someone else for religion should be locked away for life or deported into space
4	that 's actually a good question it 's the intention and attempt that really matters in a legal sense as far as i'm concerned , not the outcome of the attempt same for every crime , really attempted robbery should have the same sentence as succeeded robbery
1	terrorism is to spread terror in a population is n't it terror , to vow you will kill anyone who draws a specifik cartoon ? it is terror when you try to inhibit people through their feir for you
2	it 's just a nut trying to kill someone with a religious motivation that 's a beautiful summary of fundamentalist terrorism
1	you dont really know shit about scandinavian prison sentences do you ? <> years is a harsh sentence around here
1	fuck fox news showing the logo itself is a much bigger crime downvoted you brainwashed peon
1	downvoted for linking to fox news next time , please try to find an article on an actual fucking news site , not a propaganda machine thank you fyi iluvpi linked to an alternate source , in another comment , here ( http www reddit com r worldnews comments i7g9d somali man who tried to kill the danish c21i4iz )
2	is european justice a joke or something ? premeditated murder gets like <> years right ?
1	just more proof to show how worthless muslims are to society sigh
2	fox news is dying for us to start thinking of muslims as extremists again they also want to associate hackers with " terrorists " http www foxnews com scitech <> <> <> hacker vs hacker group races police to expose lulzsec fuck fox bunch of propaganda
2	just <> yeas ? i wish he would 've robbed <> from a us bank afterwards (
3	people in europe have panic rooms people in us have panic armories
1	it 's not politically incorrect , it 's just incorrect , unintelligible bullshit i'm sure the british had the same thing to say about the irish in the <> century , retard the mistake many racists make is to think people hate them because they are offensive no , we dislike you because your world view has no scientific basis ( race is a social not a genetic construct ) , just the same way we dislike the creationists
1	living in sweden where we got a shitload of somali immigrants as well as quite a few gypsys
6	i love lastpass , but res is better for quickly switching reddit accounts in fact , i think there 's an option to select which username to use when posting ? ( i do n't have any novelty accounts , so i have all that disabled )
4	nice try lastpass ceo
2	dude , nobody really listens to muslims when they are n't blowing up things which is kind of problematic which thing do you think is the better newspaper article " twenty muslims kill themselves as suicide bombers ! " or " <> <> billion muslims did n't bomb anything at all today ! "
1	definitely what are you on ? i meet muslims almost everyday and that is in a christian country
2	look , i resent most of the statements here , cause i'm somali but the thruth of the matter is , that what you say is bullshit it 's the stupidity of clan and bloodwar that has driven somalia into the ditch it 's in today
2	that 's not true somalia tried to start a democracy , which worked for a while , but fell because of clan tribal loyalties after that it 's been pretty crappy and somalia was n't abused for " centuries "
2	how did the europeans end up in south africa ? humans always move if the conditions are favorable
6	scandinavian countries have been big on this " we can save the world by accepting lots of refugees ! multiculturalism ! if there 's problems , just throw money at it and it will all work out " it has not worked very well
1	maybe he got on the wrong bus
1	sources would be nice i believe i 'd hear republicans bashing obama for literally " palling around with terrorists "
2	damn straight
5	as a preclude to my response , i would like to say this libya bullshit you are ranting about has nothing to do with the article posted now are you being serious ? ? lollllll gaddafi being secular ( http en wikipedia org wiki islam in libya islam in revolutionary libya ) listen man , you can hate the west all you want i may agree that i find the religious positions of the revolution groups dubious but you should n't idealize gaddafi just because you hate the west we did , if you remember , stop his army just before they were about to , in all likelihood , massacre a city you immediately make yourself less serious a voice by idealizing gaddafi edit first source would n't link resorted to wiki
2	please give us examples of these harmful cartoons which you speak of
7	we live in a certain kind of civilized society someone who takes to violence because of some scribbles on paper , no matter how offensive they are , is rightly classed as a savage
6	a non harmless cartoon ? you gotta explain to me papercut , maybe ? i do n't know
2	fake germans ouch you 'd make a lot of danes angry with that if you mentioned it to their faces ( try it at a bar for a face smashing experience ) in copenhagen replace german with swedish for the same sort of fun
8	i 've seen college educated americans make this mistake before feel free to take an informal poll of passersby in a typical american city and see what their interpretation of the phrase " the netherlands " is i have no hard data to support this , but i bet that a substantial proportion , when asked to define the netherlands , would think it was a blanket term for all of northern europe
3	the man broke into the cartoonist 's house with an ax he said " he was trying to scare him " that 's what i do to try to scare people , really gets a good adrenaline rush going
2	well then do n't fucking move to saudi arabia
2	if you moved to saudi arabia hah i do n't think anyone who is n't a rich male arab would ever move there
2	true , i added the immigrant part because i felt someone my say " shut up you racist redneck " or something
8	nobody should , unless it 's an article bashing islam then it 's perfectly alright hilarious how this has a over <> on here when anything else coming from fox will get downvoted to oblivion on the basis it 's a propaganda outlet
2	it should only be linked to when there 's a story about shitty cops , amirite ?
6	let me guess fox news is propaganda because <> ) your jr college <> 's throwback professor told you so <> ) you read it on www conservativeseatchildren blogspot com <> ) that dude rachel maddow told you so im going with all of the above ! i win ! i win !
1	control f " link to fox news " nobody fucking cares you mindless asshole ! !
2	i do n't click on fox news links
2	yes , because fox news does not deserve any sort of ad revenue or encouragement through pageviews it is a cesspool
1	good about fucking time !
2	that sentence is a joke that man is a danger to all other men and should not be in society
6	why is there a lesser sentence for attempted murder ?
1	they should lock him up for life and stuff him with pork ten years is too little
4	fun fact the uprising that occurred in libya this past march was supposed to be a commemoration of the violent <> protests in benghazi against the danish cartoon depictions of muhammad these religious fundamentalist cartoon protestors are the same " rebels " that nato currently supports but why would they be protesting against gaddafi , you ask ? because gaddafi himself is a rather secular ruler who wants to open up libya to become a nation of religious tolerance something else he 's been trying to do is nationalize the oil companies operating in libya in order to keep more of libyan natural resource wealth for libyans the u s and the rest of the western world do n't really give a fuck about religious tolerance , but they do care about oil and so they did what they always do support a rebellious faction within the country to overthrow its government , in order to eventually replace it with one more amenable to western causes the irony this time is that the faction that we found to support is actually a bunch of islamic fundamentalist extremists put another way if these people lived in iraq or afghanistan or even iran , they would be called al qaeda but they live in libya , and more importantly they oppose gaddafi , and so they are not al qaeda they are rebels , or freedom fighters , or whatever euphemism is trendy nowadays they fight for peace and democracy and freedom , against a man who in his <> year reign transformed libya into one of the most prosperous and egalitarian countries in all of africa raped and murdered his own people tl dr nato is currently supporting a libyan al qaeda overthrow its secular ruler they think they 're fighting for islam the western world thinks they 're fighting for " freedom " they 're really fighting for oil
2	great , only another <> years and he 'll be ready to cut my head off too
2	i ca n't believe this sort of cave man shit is still going on thank you irrational thought and religion
6	why 'd you link to fox news ?
2	are you serious ? ever heard of the ira , eta ? who released anthrax in the usa white extremist group remember the balkan war ? the countries killing shit loads of people in iraq afganistan , which group do they belong to now again ? does that shit happen every day though ? ira and eta are pretty much over , as are the balkan wars yes , the us is killing people in iraq afghanistan but are they doing it in the name of their religion ? eh , the entire usa is raging over , for them , non issues happening in another country they ca n't even point to on a map not exactly sure what you 're referring to here , but there 's a big difference between raging over something and violently raging over something
6	well , would you say that muslims in general are doing a good job at showing they are different from the radical islamists ?
1	a smaller group should be a near accurate representation of the larger group that does n't work for axe murderers ( because they are really fucking rare )
4	god help us if they start interbreeding
6	and where do you get that from ?
2	yeah , he 's a terrorist because of his race
8	lol is there some way to make your username distinct each time you post a comment , or do people legit make new accounts every time they want to make a username joke ?
1	well you prove yourself to be the very fucking scumbag this world needs to get disposed of and you apparently think killing people is a good way to handle of people who does n't think like you and express their opinions well , that 's something you have in common with muhideen mohammed geelle knowing that some psychopath could stalk you , so you should n't do this or do that exactly means bowing your head to these illiterate monkeys fear mongering seems like you are the illiterate since i did n't write that on a side note , calling people ' monkeys ' reveals that you lack arguments and have to resort to name calling you also did n't mention who ' these ' refer to , so the sentence makes no sense nowhere in your post , or the previous ones , you mentioned a group which ' these ' can refer to , unless ' these ' means everyone who is n't ' his own danish citizens ' that , however , would make your sentence stupid
2	how is it racist ? surely it 's hateful towards somalians but i see no mention of race
1	for bringing axe to someones house and forgetting the keys ? amurica fuck yeah
1	your sentence could n't have made less sense engrish ! fuck yeh !
2	actually , <> years is pretty long for denmark i think <> years is the regular sentence for murder ( in extreme cases life , but that 's rarely more than <> ) i 'd have loved for this piece of shit to serve out his time in somalia though life in a danish prison is a holiday , especially if you are used to things in somalia
8	<> years is a long time , and harsher sentences does n't lower crime
4	this is good this stupid man failed on many levels when it comes to shari ' ah law he tried to kill someone for blasphemy , he tried to inflict too harsh a punishment for blasphemy without asking them to recant , he tried to punish a non believer for blasphemy which is impossible , he tried to punish a non believer who is protected in a completely different judicial system , he tried to punish someone without being a legitimate witness to the crime , he tried to punish someone without a court order and thus is a vigilante , he invaded someone 's privacy , he caused property damage , and he 's also probably lying about only trying to frighten him he did something idiotic and was tried under their law and got punished for it
2	r atheism is full of self righteous pricks every muslim i 've ever met has been secular and friendly it can go both ways
1	the way things work is n't a very good justification a tiger that can get to you presents an immediate danger the are a number of reasons this logic does apply to groups in most cases they do not represent an immediate threat and you have the time to evaluate the situation people automatically assume that groups whom they are not members of are more homogeneous than they actually are and because of this apply negative traits ( which are more commonly known due to the nature of news reporting ) to the entire group people tend to believe groups they are not members of are inferior there is of course more to group dynamics but suffice to say most people would disagree with many judgements applied to them due to group membership , and would have a reasonable basis for doing so
8	he did nothing wrong he excercised his freedom of speech , which is not only protected by law , it 's a goddamn foundation of western society
5	the thing is , that the group in question is so huge that one individual makes a very poor sample it 's human nature to do so , you just have to remind yourself that you have no basis for the assumption
1	in that case , all americans are stupid ( http activistsandairplanes com files <> <> george bush jpg ) all germans are cannibals ( http pysih com wp content uploads <> <> armin meiwes3 <> jpg ) and all the brits are john cleese this clearly is n't true , i have a german room mate and i have n't woken up one day to find a chunk of my flesh missing
2	that 's probably shitty as a somali myself , i can admit when things get shitty i love how denmark has become in the somali community since many of them started moving away , because of the tougher immigration laws though i do n't like how you group all somali together so please do n't do that yeah , many majority of somali that congregate in a city generally cause a lot of problems but there are still gold among our people , and they are the ones i do n't like to see get labeled
5	oh come on somalia is a pretty homogeneous country america is n't
2	well , western ' tribes ' do n't really go about pack raping and murdering anything they can find tell me , do you know of many other nations that have such an appaling daily way of life ? can these people not fucking learn ? ever seen that pic of rome <> years ago compared to africa , today ? it 's spot on
2	yeah , and rest of us are rejecting the level of cultural relativism you are suggesting say <> year old you and a friend named joey are playing in the park you and joey are joking around and you end up saying that joey says that he believes that the birds are his friends and he talks to them you say , " joe that is stupid ! birds are n't talking to you ! " joey pulls out a knife and stabs your neck does the adult you tell the <> year old you that joey just have different values and that you should understand ?
2	it 's a ten year holiday in a confined space , effectively being locked in a motel room , and all your neighbors are scary prisons are not supposed to be hellholes , the sentence is incarceration , being deprived of freedom the problem with locking religious nutwits up is that they tend to hang out together in prison and make each other even more fundamentalist that 's a problem everywhere , not just in scandinavian prisons
1	christianity has been pretty peaceful in the last few hundred years since you know , we stopped acting like barbarians if a christian kills someone in the name of god , they are fucked even other christians will hate them
6	except when were talking about republicans , fox news , or anything remotely right wing , amirite ?
8	we judge groups based on the actions of individuals all the time it 's not stupid , it 's just the ways things work you do n't give a tiger the benefit of doubt you assume it is dangerous based on experience and this experience is based on previous actions of members of its kind why should this simple logic not apply to groups of people as well ?
6	maybe they ought to reconsider giving safe harbour to people who are n't going to respect the law of the land
7	it has n't worked perfectly , but it 's certainly worked fairly well all immigrants go through a course in swedish culture and language , and most slot in to swedish society well the problems are with some ( but far from all ) muslims sweden takes in more refugees from iraq and afghanistan than the us does , and it is hard to get uneducated and nearly illiterate but deeply religious people to adapt to a modern secular society like sweden
2	i honestly do n't give a fuck about gaddafi or i did n't i certainly do n't idolize him on the contrary , it is the western media who demonizes him you sound almost proud to be parroting cnn or fox news or msnbc , all of whom say exactly the same thing on this topic that for some vague reason even though our economy is going bankrupt and we 're already committed to <> wars , our conscience is not going to allow us not to enter a <> one does that not sound even a little suspicious to you ? do you really think i " hate " the west ? do i hate freedom too ? how old are you ? do you realize you have a grade school understanding of politics and international relations ? everybody does at least everybody who believes we 're in libya to liberate some oppressed rebels from an evil massacring tyrant i am a proud american citizen that 's why i am fuming that my government has been hijacked by a bunch of con artists hell bent on waging war so that a few extremely rich people can get richer , while sons and daughters perish in battle and entire nations crumble to poverty did you know libya is one of the most prosperous nations in africa ? did you know its citizens enjoy a society more egalitarian than that of the united states , and that its citizens ' life expectancy is only a year lower than ours ? libya also has state sponsored health care and welfare programs , which were created by gaddafi along with other reforms dating back to the mid ' <> we are in libya invading the hell out of it and trying to oust gaddafi because in our view , gaddafi is stealing his nation 's oil that rightfully belongs to our western oil companies there are other possibly more important reasons too , but i'm trying to stay outside the realm of conspiracy theory everything i said can be verified as fact i'm not an america hating muslim supporter or something i do n't give a flying fuck about islam unless islam tries to fuck with me
2	should have gotten a longer sentence
6	will it actually be <> years or could he get paroled earlier ?
6	my question is , and this is an honest question , how does a somali man end up in scandinavia to begin with ?
8	i hope for the entire <> years they have someone outside of his cell continuously drawing pictures of " the prophet " and after he finishes one everyone in the prison comes over and takes a shit on it
2	in which case all of you is worthless
1	i hope you can pull your head out of your ass long enough to read these articles then , before claiming i " do n't know what i'm talking about " http www pbs org newshour bb religion july dec04 dutchmuslims <> <> htm http www npr org programs atc features <> feb europe muslims http www usatoday com news religion <> <> <> muslims veil france <> st n htm http www cfr org religion europe integrating islam p8252
8	i think you are right here but if it would be like raze78 says , that everybody uses the word nigger , because it means black person then it is not not insulting or offensive or a problem except for danish people abroad that have to watch their tounge because their word has a negative meaning in the english language
6	what ?
2	i resent that statement
1	damn somalians , they ruined somalia !
5	til people really need to get them self a new sarcasm detector
2	or you will be shaking in your little country fearing that crazy muslim with an axe will come and kill you
2	somalia sucks
8	wow , better than most of china where it 's around <> per day for around <> people when i was there i read about a particular region known for its poverty ( forget the name , famous for making illegal guns ) , where the average yearly income was <> ( <> )
4	thank god too bad he 'll have to spend <> years in a danish prison first that 'll probably be the best part of this sentence for him
6	oh you think attempted , premeditated murder should be less than <> years ?
1	or maybe the sentence was harder because he tried to kill someone !
8	um , more to the point , he tried to kill a man over a cartoon this is not rational , no matter if it were valid under shari ' a law or not
8	um , more to the point , he tried to kill a man over a cartoon this is not rational , no matter if it were valid under shari ' a law or not
6	what 's your point ?
1	you seem to have more faith in the danish prison system than i do , but yes , hopefully they 'll be able to turn him into a functioning member of society , who understands that you ca n't kill people just because they offend you and yes , i know you were just being sarcastic , but in some parts of the world , our correctional facilities are actual correctional facilities and not just places to lock away unwanted people
2	i know you 're probably being sarcastic , but judging a group by the actions of individuals is stupid
8	i'm not eight un workers were killed in afghanistan because of what a single pastor in the us did behind closed doors
6	i was more surprised to read that even up until <> people were still trying to hurt kill the people who worked for the newspaper that published those pictures
1	then fucking use google news and stop being an asshole
4	so in <> years he 'll come across the bulgarian border in a truck and finish the job nice
8	he 's also going to get deported , presumably to somalia somalia has a per capita gdp of about <> <> a day
6	would you trade your freedom or take your chances in that terrible terrible hellhole that you know so much about ?
2	that 's exactly why it 's harsh " oh my allah , i want to spent my entire life in this prison " " no you filth , you 'll only get ten years "
1	i blame the shining too for sucking so much
6	so weird
4	thank god , although i disagree about it being his weakest , the level of tension conveyed in that film is incredible also , the cinematography is amazing ! love me some kubrick
2	how so ? i compared danish to swedish and dutch to afrikaans since those two languages are more stereotypical then you tell me that each comparison i made is backed up by the languages having similar origins which i was fully aware of
4	lol
1	i'm finished with pc bullshit these people are fucked who cares wwhat they do to each other they do n't have the collective intellect to form a decent society obviously ! !
1	um , did i mention terrorist , you fucking dickhead
6	in broad strokes , you can start with scrutinizing more closely those refugees coming from countries known to contain pockets of religious extremism
1	for bringing an ax to someones house and forgetting the keys ? ftfy but it still does n't make sense in the context of the story the guy busted into somebody 's house with an ax with the intent of killing him for drawing a picture ! also throwing in " america fuck ya " is a non sequiter and pretty much seals the deal for people to completely disregard what you 're saying who wants to listen to somebody who is dumb enough to stereotype an entire country i guess in your world all italians are philanderers who work for the mob and all french people are snooty wine snobs and all africans are child soldiers and all chinese people are brilliant mathematicians get over yourself
6	maybe he eats out ?
2	ok , so how many stupid americans or cannibal germans must you see before you start to see a pattern ? <> ? <> ? <> ?
1	we 're white you fuck
4	thanks for the correction
1	negative thing about a muslim ? that ' s racist ! it ' s all america ' s fault ! our western materialism is what ' s causing this ! imperialism !
1	seriously , why the fuck go into someones country to disrupt and try to impose your beliefs if you do n't like free speech stay the fuck back in your own shithole country i can speak because i am an immigrant myself
4	appears i may have hit a nerve there lol
1	ok , so how many stupid americans or cannibal germans must you see before you start to see a pattern ? <> ? <> ? <> ? i'm going to go with " infinite " , on the basis that correlation is not causation
5	i maintain that compared to other groups the level of violence ( honor killings , suicide bombings , violent mobs angry about cartoons etc ) committed by people in the name of their religion is disproportionately higher for muslims are you serious ? ever heard of the ira , eta ? who released anthrax in the usa white extremist group remember the balkan war ? the countries killing shit loads of people in iraq afganistan , which group do they belong to now again ? where are the angry mobs of christians , atheists or buddhists raging violently about some non issue happening in another country they ca n't even point to on map ? eh , the entire usa is raging over , for them , non issues happening in another country they ca n't even point to on a map
3	quite a lot more than that there 's over <> million americans out there
8	depends on the kind of pattern you 're looking for all <> americans will have to , somehow , display their collective stupidity for all americans to fall in said category you just ca n't make disparaging remarks that are , at the same time , accurate no one can
4	exactly , i'm glad you see my point
4	i'm pretty sure the billion non violent practitioners of islam are a good sample
6	how large of a sample do you need for a group this large ? how large of a sample does it take for a disavowal be taken seriously ? polling agencies tackle these kind of questions every day a smaller group should be a near accurate representation of the larger group picking a representative group of a large ( very large ) group is difficult in itself automatically finding such a representative group among a bunch of people that have been involved in a horrific act ( s ) is just bad methodology <> <> " islamic " fuckwads ( edit that carry out these attacks ) are really angry men ( note quotation marks ) that is n't an accurate representation of the muslim world in general so we should n't judge an entire race by the actions of a group that does n't represent them properly or at all
4	i like that in the us it 's almost standard to repeal
8	indeed they are totally different bands
2	i guess that 's true , but how does that affect what we call it in english ? so the accidental implication that the usa and america are the same thing was wrong ? how relevant , hehe
1	i do n't think that this was the thought process of the convicted man , nor do i think that he respects the beliefs of others to him , there is one right and good belief , and the rest are wrong and evil it 's not a question of simply imposing his beliefs on another , it 's more a matter of " convert or die , because this is the only way "
1	this is just wrong if you moved to saudi arabia and wished that women should have more rights , they 'd probably say the exact same thing " why did you move here and not respect our beliefs that the women is subhuman ? " if it 's wrong , it 's wrong everywhere and if it 's right , it 's right everywhere now , threatening someone with an axe is wrong everywhere , and free speech is right everywhere but that 's not the point
5	we just call them refugees here who cares where they came from ?
6	there has n't been much said about the libya situation , the major news deliverers has more or less has treated it like " it 's good with revolutions , islam is bad " the worst thing about ghadaffi seems to be that he has big women as bodyguards if you go by big news apparently that is enough for people in general to support a revolution
1	what shithole country do you come from ?
1	what shithole country do you come from ?
1	what shithole country do you come from ?
4	i seriously do n't understand how people can mistake these two countries for one another even though our countries lie fairly close to each other , we do n't share that much history together compared to our neighbour countries and even though you may think our language sound familiar it 's not the same at all but we love beer , football and cycling , and that 's awesome
1	that is a common assumption , but wrong life is life but you can appeal for leniency after ( i think ) <> years and the typical length of time served is <> that said a four time police murder spent <> years and <> months in prison
1	christian hitler tried to killed all jews <> years ago anyway christians countries were not under attack , occupation and generally lots of foreign influence in last few decades if israel is marching it armies in your country every few years reducing everything to dust , if you see how american money are keeping obscenely rich king in power , if you see democraticly elected governments overthrown with support from the west you have some reason to resort to violence
1	anything negative about a jew even though it 's true ? antisemitism ! anything negative about a mulsim ? free speech hypocrisy like this always amuses me
2	crime is more prevalent in the us because you have no social security net while sweden do , aswell as socialized medicine that said , we have huge problems with cime ( compared to how sweden were just <> decades ago ) the sad truth is that we have a shitload of sandpeople and niggers raping and pillaging
4	that 's why he 's being deported after his sentence
6	how do you know if a refugee is going to respect the law or not ?
3	so you do n't see when american christian terrorists murder doctors or commit arson against abortion clinics ? odd
5	the entire population of the us did not and does not support the reasons we were given to go into iraq you are guilty of the very generalizations you are wishing other people would n't make i do n't mean individuals , i meet a lot of people from the usa that does n't support the war , i see demonstrations and movements popping up i did generalize because i wanted to point out the problem with generalization , which is what people do with islam and muslims
2	yeah i know it still occurs from what people say , etc but i was talking specifically that they are still upset about this event , it just seems a bit ridiculous
2	yeah i know it still occurs from what people say , etc but i was talking specifically that they are still upset about this event , it just seems a bit ridiculous
1	that whole event was odd how did a bunch of nearly illiterate people on the deep afghan countryside find out about a koran burning which had happened just days earlier ? it took the syrian secret service eight months to find & start pushing propaganda about the danish cartoons , but whoever played those afghans was a lot better prepared and informed
6	how else are you supposed to judge a group ? if some individuals act like douches , then hang out with a group of similar people i'm going to assume it is a group of douches do you judge your local police department by the training drills they do as groups , or their actions as individuals ?
4	what has that got to do with it ? because you think a cartoon is harmless , does n't mean everyone else does
2	what a single pastor in the us did behind closed doors also the media there was just no need for that idiot to have any time on television there will always be idiots on this planet and reporting on that particular idiot was not worth eight lives
3	uh hm yes ? destroying a human for such a petty reason seems pretty crazy to me but then again , bla bla bla moral relativism bla bla bla , amirite ?
2	yes , texas is just like new york and ireland , the uk and france are so different and of course all states share common laws , history and government right ? oh wait they do n't , are you like a euro redneck or something ? or just a typical ignorant european who is so arrogant about his ignorance he views it as a strength ?
6	and as you go south in denmark you 'd hear it becoming a lot more german in sound but also a lot more fiendish in its dialect ( southern jutland is one of the bastions of an evil dialect considered horrible by even other jutlanders )
2	what the fuck danish does n't sound even remotely like german
2	true , excuse my attempt at humor i was just thinking how insulted some people would be at being called german
8	that is true , and i would maintain he did nothing which was either wrong or illegal it is not his fault that knuckledraggers respond to freedom of speech by randomly killing innocent civilians the guilt belongs entirely to the knuckledraggers
6	hey man have you heard of that bill guy or glenn beck ? did you miss the post a few days back news stories they have lied about ? etc
2	i disagree in the sense that we should give legitimate news stories like this one page views on fox , and just stay away from the slanted articles the message this would send to fox would be that more people care about news stories , and that they should publish more of them
6	oh my god ftfy , " allah " is the arab word for " god "
1	blasphemy ! ! ! !
4	love the hivemind feed the hivemind enjoy karma
6	what ? ! it was n't nearly as good as the book which also sucked
5	your country would suck , too , if for centuries two continents abused your people for cheap labor and resources
3	ten years is a lot of time for attempted murder you can get ten years for a successful murder here in sweden , i'm sure denmark is not that different are you expecting some ridiculous american <> year prison sentence ?
8	locked in a room , supplied with food , access to tv and gaming consoles ? you 're right it could be worse
4	fyi a " life " sentence in denmark is <> years , that 's the longest amount of time you 'll get locked away here , and that 's the sort of sentence you get if you successfully murder someone
1	here in sweden , people seem to get around <> years in prison for attempted , premediated murder , and that 's when they successfully stab their victim did this axe guy manage to hit someone ?
1	usually i would agree but when the crime has its root in religious fantatiscm with the sole intent to deter others from expressing themselves in ( in denmark ) legal way , then it stops being " just " a crime if that logic would be followed , then <> <> was also " just " a crime hijacking and murder
4	yes that 's all well and good you called him secular and your position was weakened accordingly it was laughable and certainly not fact to anyone who has payed a modicum of attention ( if we 're going to go on demeaning each other ) he had social welfare programs and libya had low poverty rates but he definitely was not secular i never said nato has pure intentions with their involvement in libya i never said there was n't huge problem with wealth disparity in the united states these are things you are prescribing to me because i called you out also , this has nothing to do with the op , which was another indication that you were a bit stark , raving mad at the time it was an oddly placed tirade about the libyan intervention have a good day , sir no hard feelings
2	that question has been asked several times by western media even fucking fox news has discussed this , i believe in fact , i am not sure any one has denied the claims that there are some islamic fundamentalists mixed in with the movement just because you did n't pay enough attention to know this , does n't meant the rest of the world has been depraved of the knowledge yes it is still hard to believe gaddafi was a secular ruler
4	i agree i saw something on tv about canadian prisons and was quite impressed they work with the prisoners , apparently , and try to make them see why what they did was wrong our way of " you get a time out because you 've been naughty " does n't work on adults i think
6	a much more homogenous populations ? ? maybe if you go by skin color , but not if you consider language and culture about the muslims , they are a part of europe and european history the muslims re educated the western world after we forgot everything , but sure , ignore that and guess what , we have ' white ' muslims here and they 've been muslims a long time , it 's not a skin color division you do n't know what you 're talking about
2	europeans have been butchering each other for thousands of years you really think that we are scared of couple of brown people ?
8	haha , you are too clueless to be real
5	i blame the shining , look at what western cultural influences do it clearly worked there so he was just trying to emulate the film
2	i do n't know i think the punishment does n't necessarily have to fit the crime but should be custom catered to the criminal will be vulnerable to militant islamists ( or other militants ) do not care about being locked up staunch ideology is a very difficult to unlearn what 's more , many why not punish him with something that would be terrible to him ? religious zealots are usually homophobic and racist , so line up a bunch of huge gay black dudes to do a train on his ass sorry , i know that 's a very controversial thing to say but i have no respect or care for anyone that tries to silence freedom of press speech and if rehabilitation is more important , we should n't be advocating punishment at all , but rather a method that would rehabilitate all of these idiots by allowing them to live with western families or some such
4	well done nobody should link to fox news , it 's a propaganda outlet , not news
6	i dunno , there is that whole ' innocent until proven guilty ' thing to consider can they prove he actually tried to kill him ? maybe he should have just been charged with breaking and entering plus threatening with a lethal weapon , gotten a couple of years jail time then deported
5	my goodness , you just implicitly condoned censoring the views of non immigrants !
1	<> years for attempted murder is not harsh enough the different between attempted murder and murder should be small in terms of punishment , if the intentions are the same
1	<> years for attempted murder is not harsh enough the different between attempted murder and murder should be small in terms of punishment , if the intentions are the same
8	you can speak because you are a human being do n't think that you can only say something on the basis that " you 're and immigrant " speak because you want to be heard you 've a very valid point , and i really dislike the fact that the statement can be labelled by others as racist
6	netherlands ? are you incapable of reading ?
6	where do you learn this from ? i see nothing about the netherlands in this thread ?
1	you do n't think that the netherlands and denmark is the same , do you ? i was going to say that you are a stupid american , but then i would get a storm of downvotes fuck this , i'm probably going to anyway
6	for the first three months then the novelty of sleeping in a bed , eating unaccustomed food , and watching danish comedies on tv wears off , and he 's just locked up and deprived of his freedom
2	hehe , , actually i 've never in my life met another dane who had a panic room westergaard had one installed since he had recieved more than a hundred death threats and people several times had tried to get their hands on him ahh , , the religion of peace magnifique
2	so we can deny all the lies and editing of videos fox does if they happen to do few things correctly ? every newspaper would wish they could be held to such low standards and obviously muslims are extremists , clearly this man and the thousands of other terrorists and zealots are representatives for billions of people , after all their actions is for the sake of these extremists you 're the reason i ask my self why i still have n't removed this shit form my frontpage , and had it not been for the useful links i would
6	confirmation bias ? the nutjobs get the most attention in any group what christians do you see on the news ? westboro baptist church , or the one with a bunch of old grannies singing old songs ?
8	somali muslims ( i e somalis in general ) as a group do n't tend to paint a great picture of themselves here or abroad disproportionate representation of sexual assaults for example , high unemployment , a lack of integration , drug dealing do n't get me wrong , i'm sure you are a nice person and all , hard working and committed to the liberal western values of finland but a whole group is easily stereotyped when enough members harm the society around them
8	if you open someones abdominal cavity because they call you a coward ? crazy not to be taken seriously or to be respected not fit for society you are n't deep , dude
4	living on the german border and watching german tv did it for me thankfully i cured myself with lots of english books and films
1	he 's not defending islam , you fucking idiot do n't you realize how much of a dick you are to equate islam with " crazy people who tries to kill other people with axes " when there 's several hundred million people into islam ?
6	i guess that was n't directed at me , but at the one i replied to ?
5	i have no idea where you got that from the reason i put " islamic " in quotes was because i was quoting ( almost ) every racist rhetoric that aims to make the word islam synonymous with terrorism , and , as my last sentence clearly suggests , i do not hold that view the acts of an individual do not have any bearing on the character of the ethnic group social class race that he or she belongs to unless this person is acting with the consent of the people in question al qaeda is n't an elected group the muslims do n't elect them therefore , it is n't right to blame islam or muslims for the actions of al qaeda same goes for every " terrorist " attack these people speak for themselves and not for people of their faith , class , nationality etc please read my post again and if i do , anywhere , endorse the idea of blaming all muslims for the actions of a handful of people , i 'll gladly acquiesce and edit it out
2	ah yes , the radical islamists are the same as americans oh wait , that 's bullshit to demonstrate , a quick thought experiment lets say a weapon has been invented that can kill any number of people anywhere , and target accurately any specific individual on earth uses portal technology or something if you gave this to the us , would they wipe out scores of civilians , or use it to target specific individuals who are in the way of their business interests ? now hand that device to any group of violent islamists do you believe they would have any moral qualms against using the device against scores of heretics and unbelievers ? the us wants your money the islamists want to dominate everybody to please their imaginary friend do n't pretend these groups are equivalent
6	oh no , we lack stone age morals ! oh no , the horrors of materialism what a crock
1	now you are just being a douchebag european trying to make it look like americans are all stupid right ?
6	i'm aware i was just playing devil 's advocate if you do n't mind i would like to continue with a couple questions how large of a sample do you need for a group this large ? should n't a group make every effort to disavow the actions of individuals if they are n't representative of the group ? how large of a sample does it take for a disavowal be taken seriously ?
8	every muslim i 've met was a jihadist it can go both ways
1	if a person is a self admitted member of a group then it is only reasonable to expect that person to show traits , beliefs and actions common to said group the problem then becomes knowing what actually are the common traits , beliefs and actions of a certain group if certain vocal minorities within a group show traits , beliefs or actions that are not shared by the majority , then perhaps the majority needs to do a better job of showing that they are indeed different and that they do not silently tolerate such behavior ?
6	i have certainly never mistaken the nationality when its mentioned in the headline , thats for sure
7	and at some points in history have we been influenced by french and german culture , the most common language among the upperclass would at times be either german or french because it was considered more classy
6	has his family talked to him to see what on earth is going on ?
4	problem is , he 'll be hailed as a hero in somalia
4	oh yes , of course i totally agree that he should 've been sentenced to <> years , pending deportation back to somalia where he can live in his ancap , sharia paradise in peace then again , i find it hard to look at the issue so splittingly but that may just be me i cannot , as hard as i try with almost any issue affecting society , see any issue black and white ly for example there 's no doubt that this is a very , very strong minded individual ( a strong mind being one that is resistant to change ) how could he not be , being willing to murder and suffer for his beliefs ? as for respect for the laws of a society he believes that the laws of that society are incorrect , plane and simple i am a bit of a moral objectivist in some regards , but for an individual who has for his entire life only known islamofascism , and an individual who probably came and settled in scandinavia with sabotage firmly in mind , it is hard to write him off as one who is nothing more than an evil , destructive man he 's been affected by his upbringing in a way that i'm sure that many of us ca n't even imagine
7	he 's generally a good willed guy with mutual trust to his neighbors that he would n't expect someone to do something like this otoh , he apparently ran and hid in his panic room
2	sometimes i think it would be an insult to call someone a dane
6	for quite sometime i thought holland and the netherlands were one and the same !
8	its because you 're self centered cunt can you mistake lithuania and latvia ? slovakia and slovenia ? bulgaria and romania ? yemen and oman ? uzbekistan and turkmenistan ? canada and usa ? uruguay and paraguay ? bunch of africans countries ? yeah , you never
8	the comment has been downvoted to oblivion
2	i seriously do n't understand how people can mistake these two countries for one another people from netherlands are dutch and that sounds similar to danish , and they are both fake germans
1	i could actually so fuck you
8	except that 's states , not countries and you 'd be surprised how much people know
2	yeah , because this never happened fox made it all up if you ca n't pick the facts out and leave the rest you must be pretty stupid
4	a wild jew appears he uses bash islam it 's supper effective , as always
1	islam is a gross , fucked up idea why do you defend it ?
2	i , for one , disavow said pornographers
4	really ? if that 's true i'm actually really glad he got <> years ! i was afraid they would be hesitant to sentence him harshly due to fear of extremist backlash justice !
1	don ' t freakin ' link to fox fucking news
1	the faith laughs at your failure ( oh common lighten up a bit people , this guy is fucking retarded )
8	should have gotten <> years in a mental institution so they can unbrainwash this dumbass psycho from all this religious bullshit he 's got running around in his head
8	yes , in <> years he definitely wo n't want to kill anyone that draws the prophet muhammad
1	what ? ? ? no better than the nazis ? i would be an ass too if <> million of my people were slaughtered
6	you 're joking , right ?
4	while that 's true , you do have the choice of using or not using apple products personally , i prefer google products although i should mention at the time being i do n't own a cellphone google voice is great
6	while that 's true , you do have the choice of using or not using apple products yes , it 's why i do n't buy apple products even though some of them are otherwise very nice devices
8	i grew up through the sixties , seventies , eighties etc i started off with a great respect for the israeli people but as the year progressed that respect turned to loathing , they are no better than the nazi that oppressed them no matter what is said or done , they think they have a right to dictate to everyone , and the brit and us gov 's are their lapdogs when are they going to accept that being anti israeli is not the same as being anti semitic , and that they have no rights to " special " treatment ?
6	do you realize the app promotes genocide ?
6	do you realize the app promotes genocide ? ? ? ? ?
3	apple offends me as well that level of control over someone else 's device is scary at least if google removes something you can get it from someone else without having to hack into your phone
6	do you realize isreal promotes genocide ?
3	can you provide a link the apple store app with all of those mohammed cartoons , or are you just trolling ? i would guess that apple tries to play it safe and pulls all offensive apps from their app store , regardless of the " offended " population
4	congratulations , you are about as intelligent as a genital wart
3	no better than the nazis ? there goes your credibility of course ignore the peace offers , the fact that their military 's militant civilian kill ratio is <> <> , and that the main people they are fighting against are anti semitic terrorist organizations like hamas do n't ever compare israel to the nazis , it makes you look dumb
4	huge pro gaddafi rally in tripoli raw footage ( http www youtube com watch ? v jwznhk3zv4u & feature player embedded ) there are somethings that western media does not like to show
1	ok , if you didn t think he was a delusional psychopath before , i m sure you do now what a fucking tool see europe ? this is why you should have your own militaries capable of ending situations like this as quickly as possible but at least now you re also acting in self defense gaddafi basically just gave the world justification to off him
2	i wish everybody on reddit would watch this video http www youtube com watch ? v f7nsxfnzjgw & feature youtube gdata player reddit is acting like a bunch of mindless war cheerleading goons right now it 's embarrassing take whatever opinion you like after watching this video , but just remember that the pentagon has been planing on invading libya for nearly a decade
4	kinda like <> months ago when gaddafi claimed his navy has sunk a nato warship i guess gaddafi does n't remember how well that ended for his navy
2	unbelievable rhetoric , even from a gaddafi apologist like you curious , varietygamer , if you hate the west so much , why not leave australia and return to your serbian motherland ?
6	what about the rest of the articles where they talk about libya ? any thoughts ?
6	what 's this ? that 's little kids trying to be clever by being contrarian do n't believe everything coming out of gaddafi 's mouth
3	privitization that 's the key word socialists should die and be condemned as terrorists here 's a quick overview of what gadaffi was able to accomplish in his <> year rule http www youtube com watch ? v lxlqauupjwu & feature youtube gdata player yeah , he 's guilty of ordering a violent supression of a popular uprising that shit happens all the time in countries all over the world gadaffi is specially targeted because of the strategic interests of the united states and nato brutal regimes exist all over the globe this is cherrypicking events and words in an attempt to justify using preemptive military action the neocons run the country now it does n't matter which party you elect
3	and this is how a terrorist is born gaddafi 's love affair with terrorism started way before this intervention ( lockerbie bombing murder of yvonnefletcher )
4	i would n't call him a tactical genius but you definitely gotta give the guy credit for being a survivor some of that is good tactics , some of its luck , but he 's found a way to hang on all these years i do n't think anyone excepted him to be around months after nato decided it was finally time for him to go
6	that 's working out so well in afghanistan , may as well add another asymmetrical war of attrition into the mix what happens if libyan special forces blow up an oil tanker in the suez canal and oil hits <> a barrel ?
6	what 's this ? information that contradicts the popular narrative ? what are you ? some kinda information terrorist ? seriously , though , i find it disturbing that your post presenting facts and opinions outside of the current war cheerleading bi polar reddit populous is downvoted without any kind of attempt to refute the articles you posted sure gadaffi is guilty of ordering a crackdown on this faceless uprising does anybody even know what the rebels want ? why is this uprising taking place ? and if your answer is that gadaffi is a brutal dictator who has been in control for <> years , you should watch this and then ask how much good he has done vs bad http www youtube com watch ? v lxlqauupjwu & feature youtube gdata player
1	that 's working out so well in afghanistan but the u s did not have the support of the people in afghanistan the majority of afghanis are opposed to u s involvement and are sympathetic to the taliban and other extremist forces the majority of libyans are welcoming u s and european involvement and see it as the only way of stopping gaddafi who has killed many of their friends and family members korea , vietnam , afghanistan , and iraq were all huge fuck ups the libyan intervention however is probably the first war in a long time where the u s is fighting for the right side
6	um , actually , their presences were practically token compared to the us and uk and they 're running out of ammunition in libya like , wtf ? why get involved in a gun fight when you ca n't afford more bullets when they run out ? now nobody 's gonna really take them seriously
6	i i read a lot of things people ask me questions about some of the things i talk about , not having heard it before i kind of look at them , and explain i thought i had perspective i think this is the first time i 've been honestly surprised in a while thank you
4	i do n't really get your point the taliban were the state at the start of the afghan war , and they still claim to be the legitimate representatives of the afghan people if nato escalates the conflict , it 's quite likely that the libyan government will quickly fall and there will be a guerrilla war resembling the one in afghanistan , with a movement of people fighting a foreign installed government anyway , at this point several countries in nato only recognize the transitional council as being the government of libya , so since they are now the state , by definition they are fighting the people
3	and this is how a terrorist is born just some people call them terrorist others call them resistance fighters freedom fighters bombing and killing in someone 's else country their home ( compound ) , family ( grandson and other family members ) and then complain when they do the same to you keep it up all nato countries and soldiers you are doing a great service for the military industrial complex
1	i wonder how the people against this intervention would feel if it was their country being terrorized by an insane fascist , their mothers and daughters gang raped by soldiers , their life long friends executed by government death squads ? would they still be saying " stop meddling in other countries affairs " ? this is a great example of " my life is great , why give a fuck about other people " but hey , if we pull out of libya and let gaddafi 's genocide go unopposed , hollywood gets to make another awesome movie like hotel rwanda !
1	it 's funny how there 's more pro gadaffi activity on reddit than in libya the man has exterminated a large chunk of his own people , nearly every libyan has lost family members to his regime at this point countless women and children have been raped by his regime and now he has threatened to murder innocent european civilians you people make me sick while libyans are sacrificing their lives in an attempt to get rid of this dictator and bring their country back to normality , you 're just sitting in your fucking armchairs spouting conspiracy theories you give the left a bad name
4	xpost response from lesser thread " in response to his brutal attacks on rebels " , nato is doing the same thing they did to yugoslavia a country is poised to upset the eu market and wham everyone starts dropping bombs calling it a humanitarian mission this stuff is so blatantly obvious now since we got so much other stuff going on that we are not reacting to people wonder why iran wants nukes ? they want to be militarily off the table because they know whats going on it 's called free market imperialism and it 's weapons are loans , sanctions and then bombs let libya fight it 's own civil war since both sides are ruthless , there are no good guys if we succeed at ousting gaddafi the country will be a shell and it 's resources robbed and it 's people disenfranchised
3	he ca n't even carry out attacks in benghazi any more also , is n't this bit of a shift from his claim to be protecting the world from terrorists like al qaeda ? oh , why bother
6	what are you talking about ? back when there was <> <> rolling media coverage of the situation in libya both bbc news and al jazeera constantly played videos of pro gadaffi rallies in tripoli
4	upvote for a very informative <> minutes , makes me want to check out the book and i'm usually pretty lazy but its good to hear this information from horse 's mouth about what our goals have been for so long
4	reddit is n't acting like anything , gaddafi is a dictator who tried to use his nation 's army against his own civilian population and then things went awry for him it 's his own fault if he wanted libya to thrive he would have abdicated immediately , but now he 's gone too far
4	watch the you tube link do as he says , it 's <> minutes please , you 'll more than likely thank him for it it 's not a pop bubble gum , fostered together in a basement link , it 's us general wesley clark at the commonwealth club of california courtesy of fora i wo n't say what it says <> minutes
1	i would love to see wesley clark challenge obama for the election can you even fucking imagine ?
8	sounds like an extraordinarily fast method of getting your entire military force bombed to piecies oh what 's that libya , you sent a rocket that almost made it across the mediterranean ? i'm sorry , it 's just that i ca n't hear you over how much your getting blasted into the stone age
6	what do you propose ? stand idle and watch gadaffi exterminate his own people ?
6	and yet we have a right to go and bomb these people ? why ? and talking about media news http www independent co uk opinion commentators patrick cockburn lies damn lies and reports of battlefield atrocities <> html
6	i am not talking about nato bombing of bosnia , but nato bombing of yugoslavia http en wikipedia org wiki civilian casualties during operation allied force i am surprised how people talk about something without knowing essential facts
6	so does that surprise you ? when somebody is attacked , he will defend with at least the same way it is being attacked and similar attacked have already happened before http en wikipedia org wiki pan am flight <> and given the fact that now he is even more frustrated that ever , losing his family i wo n't call this mad , i would call this expected reaction
4	it was like a mini documentary !
2	some men just want to see the doggy 's urn
4	do n't get on this sinking ship its a joke so bad not even birthday sympathy can right it
4	lol
8	i'm not serious all of the time , and i have a very dark sense of humor , but i just ca n't imagine anyone finding this funny
4	perhaps it is my long exposure to anime that allows me to visualize such events in an amusing way i have long ago noticed that some events portrayed in some of my favourite anime would be not at all funny if it were written or portrayed via actors or , perhaps it is simply my perspective and the fact that i am not making the effort to empathize or construct anything but the vaguest of visualizations i mentioned jokingly replacing this event with my wife and my cat i found it funny because it is not within the realm of the possible , and the visualization does not capture the horror such an event would have if carried out in front of me those who are amused alongside myself are probably not making the effort to see beyond the initial absurdity i have gone through enough personal trauma recently ( friend had a miscarriage yesterday ) to not wish to take on more emotional burden , thank you pseudo psychological babble
4	perhaps it is my long exposure to anime that allows me to visualize such events in an amusing way i have long ago noticed that some events portrayed in some of my favourite anime would be not at all funny if it were written or portrayed via actors or , perhaps it is simply my perspective and the fact that i am not making the effort to empathize or construct anything but the vaguest of visualizations i mentioned jokingly replacing this event with my wife and my cat i found it funny because it is not within the realm of the possible , and the visualization does not capture the horror such an event would have if carried out in front of me those who are amused alongside myself are probably not making the effort to see beyond the initial absurdity i have gone through enough personal trauma recently ( friend had a miscarriage yesterday ) to not wish to take on more emotional burden , thank you pseudo psychological babble
2	oh yes , that 's it shit that happens is totally justified just because shit happens we should n't be upset by it , just because shit happens and you should be used to it nothing will ever change , move on , shit happens blahblah get the point in my view my very own which i do not care if anyone else shares or adopts treating animals like shit , without reason , is evidence of such cruelty that it shreds the offender of their basic humanity the same with children how dare you take the life of or otherwise abuse something totally innocent ? just because you are fundamentally flawed , without compassion or conscience like a beast who knows not any better you attempt to spin this as if i care nothing about human suffering in the world it 's not that it 's just that it is n't the topic i'm on human interaction on societal levels is wildly more complexed than one person a cruel , angry beast killing a <> pound domestic dog for no fucking reason other than his flawed , feeble mind
4	appreciate the intelligent response , thanks
2	how dare you take the life of or otherwise abuse something totally innocent ? i do n't believe i did just because you are fundamentally flawed , without compassion or conscience like a beast who knows not any better drama much ? you attempt to spin this as if i care nothing about human suffering in the world incorrect i am calling you an emotionally brittle fucktard for getting so upset about a news story there are far worse stories out there you should probably avoid reading them
6	how interesting that you have measured how " upset " i am on my behalf i was speaking my opinion you started started bitching at me , and now i'm fucking saying what i feel like right back i do n't need to grow a pair i'm not fucking whining i say what i feel when i feel it i feel like this guy deserves to be strung up , and i feel like you are a fucking prick for trying to tell me how i should think or feel i'm not into drama , but i do n't let people put words or feelings out there for me , just so they can feel self important on the internet go gripe at someone else , perhaps someone who actually gives a shit what your unsolicited opinion is
6	how interesting that you have measured how " upset " i am on my behalf http www abcteach com directory reading comprehension i feel like this guy deserves to be strung up fair enough i'm not into drama in your original comment you said you were disgusted by humanity , like every single human being was guilty of this crime that seems a bit dramatic to me go gripe at someone else , perhaps someone who actually gives a shit what your unsolicited opinion is unsolicited opinion ? lol , welcome to reddit comments
1	oh , i'm still disgusted by many aspects of humanity let me clarify that for you , since your willingness to be literal has affected your reading comprehension ( thanks for the link , btw i'm sure someone will find it useful ) google this hyperbole i see what you 're trying to do there , but there 's a baseless assumption that i must be upset to think he should be hung out to dry i could give a fuck less about this individual , he 's just one more who deserves it i guess this part could be effectively segued into a treatise on the flawed human condition , but the fact is , i posted a quick message saying this is n't funny to point out how fucked up it is you came along and made a big fucking deal , trying to correct my train of thought for no reason i 've been a little listless lately , so in some trollish way i have enjoyed bitching at you for bitching at me unfortunately , i'm tired of it now not because you have " won " though , so do n't get it twisted we have reached an impasse , and it 's too trivial to go on
2	humanity deserves the shit that runs rampant through it because of our flaws thanks to free will animals are innocent wholly innocent mock all you want , but people who fuck with animals are the lowest of the low to me i do not care if you agree or not
6	well , if you would have seen this woman , you 'd have seen that not only were her tits great , but she had a great pyrenees
6	why why am i laughing ?
2	beating your wife with a dog isnt normal but on meth it is meth not even once
4	this guy is my new favorite hero
2	it 's a dog beat dog world out there
6	like a boss !
1	i guess she got puts on glasses bitch slapped
4	well i thought it was funny
6	would you use a dog to beat your wife ? no , a brick that guy just made literature come to life and proof the differ
2	you mean " tried to kill two bitches with one bitch "
2	beat the shih tzu out of them left that bitch in a poodle of blood
1	i agree there is nothing funny about this at all it 's fucking disgusting
3	he mad ( http media tumblr com tumblr lm3h3muoml1qzozj1 jpg )
0	this belongs in the wtf reddit
1	what the fuck
4	i love my dog , but this headline made me chuckle for some reason
2	this is probably the most hardcore possible way to call your wife a bitch by smacking her with one
2	i hope there was n't a poodle of blood afterwards
1	fuck everyone in this thread that it 's laughing at some dumbshit motherfucker who killed an inocent animal
3	miniature poodle a full sized poodle would have messed up the wife a hell of a lot more
1	hahaha taht caught me off guard lul z have been had and it was a fucking poodle nonetheless , no one cares about those annyoing fucks
8	man , why would you start hitting your poor dog with that thing you call your wife
1	seriously , what the fuck is going on here ?
8	animals are innocent wholly innocent as opposed to who ? the africans that get shot or hacked to death with machetes because they live in the wrong village ? the people who get blown up by terrorists because they do n't believe in allah ? the store clerk who gets his head blown off because some crack head wants to steal <> ? the thousands of people who die every day because they have no food ? this shit goes on all , the , fucking , time life does n't owe you or anyone else a cookie being innocent is no safeguard against batshit insane cruelty grow a pair man it sucks that the dog was abused like that but move on
1	hahaha taht caught me off guard lul z have been had and it was a fucking poodle nonetheless , no one cares about those annyoing fucks
1	fucking scab when it comes time , i hope this man 's death is excruciatingly slow and painful i did n't think it was possible for me to be more disgusted by humanity than i was previously , but it is fuck him , everyone like him , and everyone who finds humor in this
7	the " quick mental picture " of an animal being killed has no initial meaning to me beyond the trust shattering suffering and subsequent death of an innocent , loyal pet on what planet is the image of a dog dying funny before it is sad ?
1	what the fuck ? who beats their wife with a dog ?
2	i could see how hitting her with a poodle would have left that bichon her ass
4	this is the funniest story i 've ever heard and i love dogs ! but still it 's hilarious maybe i'm just really really faded right now that , and it 's funny
8	whether it is funny or disgusting depends on whether you allow yourself to empathize those who read the title , form a quick mental picture ( possibly substituted with their own pets and loved ones ) , and move on will find it funny those who read the article and think beyond the initial mental picture will realize the horror the wife is going through and not find it funny that said , i am one of the former , and joked with my wife about beating her with our cat i am generally not interested in mundane stories , and am most certainly not going to read up on the domestic disputes of an unknown couple in brazil i was , however , attracted by the absurdity of the situation described in the title i agree that this belongs in r wtf rather than r worldnews
4	me too haha , it is completely morbid but how can you not laugh a bit
2	it 's dark humor the image of a person beating another with a something uncommonly used as a weapon like a dog can be funny to some because of its absurdity people need to stop being so serious all the time
6	have you ever been so mad you swung a poodle ?
4	because it ' s funny
1	how the fuck can you laugh at it ? i do n't see any humor in this at all
2	as a belgian ( belgium is neighbouring the netherlands ) this worries me seems that hate speech is becoming more and more acceptable
8	one problem for would be adopters is working out what they are signing up to there was a no bail out clause the idea was that the euro could potentially create a moral hazard greece could borrow lots of euro 's secure in the knowledge that germany would bail it out but there was a no bail out clause if greece borrowed too much , it would be on its own that has n't worked out one reason is that greece not only borrowed too much but borrowed it from german banks , so the germans are on the hook for greek debt anyway so what are the rules for the currency union that latvia is considering joining ? if portugal gets into trouble will latvia have to contribute to a bail out ? " i know the rules say no bail out , but sometimes you have to do things anyway " if latvia gets into trouble will portugal contribute to a bail out ? " sorry , no rules are rules , you knew what the rules were when you joined if you did n't like them you should have stayed out " latvia risks joining a club with the rule " heads i wind , tails you lose "
1	crying shame that was
5	yes " tragic accident "
5	total coincidence it was all just a sad coincidence not looking at you iran tinfoilhat
4	good iran do n't need nukes
6	so the israelis are the only people in the middle east allowed to have nuke ? ? why ? ? they will use them at some point , it is just a matter of when
2	it was a tu <> it is quite possibly the worst aircraft in civil service today they are horrible pieces of crap i felt safer on a bus in bolivia and a train in india than i did on a tu <> in the ukraine fun fact the nato designation of the tu <> is " careless "
6	what 's tragic about it ?
2	people die in a terrible accident and the top comment is some ridiculous conspiracy theory ? you guys are fucking insane get a grip
5	riiiiiight plane crash
1	this is just too much does anyone seriously believe this was just an ' accident ' ?
5	oh , the other people and the crew ? yeah , that 's tragic i thought you meant that the death of techs who were helping the oppressive dictatorship in iran to get nukes was tragic
8	of course , this was almost certainly an accident ( as there is no evidence at all to suggest sabotage ) but if it were an assassination , it can hardly be said to be carried out by people who do n't care about the lives of anyone who is not like them the <> scientists were using knowledge they had to give a known madman and violent murderer of civilians of his own country the power to threaten , oppress and kill many more the death of others aboard the plane is tragic , the death of these five men is the silver lining to the tragedy
4	came here to say that i flew in one once , and besides the odd noise , felt fine
2	mossad getting shit done since <>
4	ha ha !
2	if morality is determined by how many innocents get in the way , i guess america has to take a second look as well being intentionally obtuse does n't suit either of you
8	i used it once man , whatever though , i can tell by your comment history that you are a sad lonely person try being a little less negative and you might have friends
2	fundamentalist fuckwits only a delusional paranoid israeli can believe this
4	nice straw man
4	so , let me get this straight this is your thought process " he and i disagree therefore , he must be failing at life , because anyone different from me ca n't possibly be successful , or that would mean i'm not the special snowflake mommy said i was " wow
1	plausible deniability ! those damned diabolical geniuses !
2	the world of government spying , assassination , and espionage crazy shit
8	it 's looking unsafe to supply the middle east with nukes what a shame ?
2	naw shit ? june <> , <> the day reddit was overrun by wannabe rappers
4	thanks israel !
2	i'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic you 're being sarcastic , right ?
1	killing scientists after the fact and also murdering <> other people in the process for revenge is getting things done right ? i guess that 's jewish morality
6	killing scientists after the fact for revenge is getting things done right ?
2	not everyone who calls out trend slave posers is doing it for attention some of us just really hate trend slave posers
2	yes , of course there 's someone behind it all a very quick google search will reveal tons of iranian nuclear deaths use google news with " iranian nuclear physicist killed " and you have a lot of reading <> dec <> iran calls nuclear physicist 's killing terrorism , notes western silence ( http www bloomberg com news <> <> <> iran calls nuclear physicist s killing terrorism notes western silence html ) <> nov <> iranian ' nuclear scientist ' killed ( http english aljazeera net news middleeast <> <> <> html ) <> jan <> iran nuclear physicist killed iran sees us , israel behind the attack ( http www csmonitor com world terrorism security <> <> iran nuclear physicist killed iran sees us israel behind the attack ) <> feb <> u s website mossad killed iranian nuclear physicist ( http www haaretz com news u s website mossad killed iranian nuclear physicist <> <> ) <> jan <> geopolitical diary israeli covert operations in iran ( http www lebanonwire com <> <> asp )
2	' leading conspiracy theorists ' that 's like saying 'd istinguished crazies '
2	wow you took that awful serious i musta struck a nerve
5	not jewish sorry to burst your anti semite bubble
2	i do n't believe you
4	ha ha ! ( http www reddit com user jsin33 ) in fucking deed quite an obsession you got going there
4	thanks brother
4	haha i have a feeling that if every time someone was surprised at how self centered you are , they got " awful serious , shucks ! " your entire little township would probably be at a constant standstill
2	this is one stupid conspiracy theory there were even survivors who would leave survivors ? ? ?
1	first of all scientists do n't help with " secrets " it is a secret if it is unknown to the public this is known to the public not sure what the fuck you 're talking about dailymail why you use such weird wording ? next , why the fuck would there be a conspiracy involing russia ? these are some very well educated scientists losing them is a problem for russia ( and iran as well ) , even the article makes this point please stop tinfoiling your head and stop with the ridiculous conspiracy theories that make no sense i will concede that if anyone , the israelis would be the most likely assassins in this , though even that , is a jump
6	anyone remember the plane crash that killed the president of poland ( https secure wikimedia org wikipedia en wiki <> polish air force tu <> crash ) , lech kaczynski ? apparently , something suspicious occurred on the ground ( http www youtube com watch ? v fex7hl4h5yk )
4	through pilot error ? wow !
1	the fact that <> people died you fucking asshole
8	what a great loss to militant islam
6	<> people disregard of collateral damage during enemies assassinations it does happen pretty often around the world time to stop it if you can ' t do it properly , don ' t !
1	" dude you could be slightly retarded " nice sentence structure " , how is spelling a word a cry for attention fuckin ' hipster " nice comma splice oh , by the way , questions end with a question mark ! fuckin ' hipster you keep using that word
5	well , the news was n't reported as " <> people killed in plane crash " , was it if people who are helping fundamentalist fuckwits get nukes so they can more effectively kill more people wind up dead in a fire well , pardon me for not crying about it
1	like other countries with atomic weapons are n't oppressive yeah , that 's what a clueless fucking child might say no one who knows anything about iran would , though
1	trend slave posers ? dude you could be slightly retarded , how is spelling a word a cry for attention fuckin ' hipster
6	i know ! your excitement about the death of the russian scientists is perfectly understandable you got such a zionist rush from the headline that you typed your comment before the reading article this is only normal in israel
8	oh anonymous ! do n't let us down ! i'm afraid of you , but you give me hope
6	i think the most troubling aspect of this is that the basketcase socialist tendencies of the greek people are not being represented that 's more important than whether or not they resurrect the drachma or want to pay their taxes the only issue really being debated is whether greece will fail now , or later what 's really happening is that current investors in greece , domestic or foreign , are demanding that their current risk be displaced onto the various publics around the world , or other investors essentially , it is another transfer of risk from a set of private groups to the usual punching bags these reforms , though clearly logical , will not hold owing to the greek peoples being fully justified in crucifying their " representatives " they will be back in the same mess in another election cycle , or sooner the best thing that could happen for greece is that they get completely roiled and have a constitutional crisis , and subsequently eject the " reinforced " proportional representation system with its " constituency voting " ( http en wikipedia org wiki elections in greece ) transferring the mandate of the voters in each constituency directly to the candidates instead of the party bosses would not allow for this past weekend 's snub any system in which legislators can be ejected for not voting right is flawed
4	luckily for germans paying taxes is actually the norm rather than a strange exception and they do n't retire at <> so it seems like they should get to enjoy social benefits , and other goodies in return ? am i crazy ?
2	historically they were quite innovative with a lot of different technologies , being at the forefront of introducing them in production models these days ? they 're a car like any other except the fact that the company ca n't handle their finances worth a shit and so it 's falling apart
5	gm went bankrupt the u s government stepped in an basically divided the company into three parts what was still making money and could be resurrected into some sort of gm <> <> what was losing money and would continue to do so ad infinitum ( which the government held onto and is slowly writing off ) and what they could fold or sell in the third group were makes like saab , saturn , and hummer ( pontiac was closed a year before the bankruptcy ) saab they sold to spyker , a dutch firm hummer was sold to a chinese manufacturer , and saturn was shut down at the time , there was quite a bit of concern as to whether a small market sports car maker could make a go of a more mainstream brand apparently , we have our answer sadly
6	they used to be a successful company i'm not sure what you 're talking about
6	that 's what unions are intended to do , but do n't always after highschool ( in canada ) i wanted to be an ame ( aircraft maintenance engineer ) , school was <> <> a year depending on which , but on the job you are legally accountable for the work you do , and can go to jail for a mistake you make as much , or often less than an auto mechanic does , and the airline companies treat you like dirt , forced to work on call through the middle of the night , often sent on trips and sleep in the dirtiest and cheapest motels the company can find they are behind a union that all the workers hate , they have n't had a pay raise in ages , after talking to many , i was told it 's not something i should get into , many of them regret it and say do n't join if you want money , join if you love planes as well the best jobs are in the private sector out of the union , for businesses or people that own their own aircraft
4	lol , in the netherlands we have a catering union workers will since this year only get a pay increase every <> years and get paid <> overwork i have no idea why they still exist if they only serve for the business ' agenda
1	here ' s your fucking rent kitchenwindow
4	i thought they were finally back on track a month ago it 's a shame , i was hoping to see saab return to it 's pre gm glory days
8	cannot or does not want to ? if saab is sincere they need to open their accounting books to every worker so that they can all decide what to do having all the information at hand business owners lie about their ability to pay all the time
4	the <> jaguar xkr s is probably the sexiest looking car i 've ever seen
6	i thought saturn was bought by spyker ? edit googled it , you 're right , but apparently the saturn deal never materialized
6	off topic question what makes saab cars so good ?
4	i loved all my saabs , up untill gm owned them completely saab viggen ftw !
8	wow , i thought saab went bankrupt last year
6	what will jerry seinfeld drive now ?
4	they made good quality cars too bad everybody else can do that too except the russians no , antonov , you ca n't buy saab for the last time i
4	no worries they just lost volvo to china so they 'll sell saab to india or something
6	this is why unions are bad for business if they were not unionized saab would have no trouble paying their workers a fair wage
4	jaguar is indian now and the new models look awesome do n't hate just because the parent company is n't european
6	saab is known for sedans , not sports cars in fact i do n't even think they made a sports car since the gm ownership
6	saab have lots of models in the uk , not just small market sports cars in fact , i ca n't think of any small saabs
2	you have no idea what you are talking about
4	maybe the children were living with their parents even better , just like the old libertarian confederacy your parents were slaves and so will you be a slave it 's a shame the federal government of india interrupted such freedom
4	forced bonded labor ? sounds like a libertarian paradise to me
4	exactly the entire clip was about how good the government was too
2	that 's your proof ? he 's a fraud because some blogger says he is and calls him ' moshe ' ?
2	" reza khalili " is a fraud ( http careandwashingofthebrain blogspot com <> <> can you identify this mossad agent html )
1	you 're goddam right i am , wonderful people ! tell you what though , i wait ages to meet up with someone from that side of the family , then four or five show up at the same time
8	yeah , but guttenberg was actually a good politican he lied and has to step down and you can obviously see that german citizens took it in their own hands to bring him dont but he wasnt all that bad
4	actually , fun fact one time , a prankster added an eleventh name to the list it was corrected shortly after , but not before the " spiegel " magazine printed the wrong name as well it was then reintroduced to wikipedia , because now there was a proper source for it
1	could you elaborate on why he was a good politician ? i , for one , think he was a douchebag the way he handled the kunduz affair and saying that people who are against internet filters are for childpornography are just two examples
4	he played a major role in ending germany 's mandatory military service , i do n't really care ( or know about ) his other achievements or shortcomings but i'm very grateful for that alone
2	greece 's problems are much more than that but i was pointing out that the recent attention to to these problems was a result of the economic downturn , which hurts their main industries much more than it would hurt other nations of comparable size greece joined the eu something like <> years ago which itself is significant since , if the country has consistently been running deficits , that implies some measure of certainty over its economic future if it had been able to avoid scrutiny for so long , which is something they no longer have with the economic recession and no one is calling germany nazis over this right now the package given to greece is given solely because no one else is liable to buy their debt since the chances of greece defaulting is a very real possibility greece has many structural problems and the public sector is bloated with assurances and liabilities that are simply beyond its ability to pay off i personally do n't see any reason what entitlement the greeks have in protesting , since the primary function of a democracy is to represent the will of the voters and they 've quite frankly had <> years since military dictatorship to get that into order , and i do understand the measure of anger in the european population from germany and other essentially creditor nations which will be primarily responsible for paying their lifestyle
6	greece 's government no longer has the ability to borrow money on the market because there is no investor confidence in the country 's ability to pay it back therefore , it either risks extremely high interest rates on the market ( since it 's essentially become a junk bond ) , or it takes up the eu offer to restructure the debt using money from germany and the imf the thing about greece is that the global recession hurt them more so than most other nations greece 's primary industries are tourism and shipping with tourism , it 's plainly obvious that no one 's going to spend thousands to travel there anymore when there is n't even the ability to pay the bills back home with shipping , it 's also clear that the volume of trade has fallen since the recession hit , and that this is only slowly going to come back once the recession is over , and with certain measures that are essentially going to be imposed on greece for austerity and internal auditing , it stands to reason that greece has the ability to turn small budget surpluses that can slowly begin to pay back the amount it owes obviously this is n't surefire by any measure , but , if there 's any logic to not expelling greece from the eu , it 's this
2	the extra wages are just the benefits that we do n't take each month ( like in your country for example ) , but we only take them altogether twice a year can you please explain what you mean ? what benefits that you do n't take each month ?
6	how is this supposed to help ? absolutely no idea the greeks are saddled with even more debt to pay back in july and august , the greek government has to redeem bonds to the tune of <> <> without <> from the eurozone and the imf the fifth tranche of last year 's <> billion bailout how on earth is greece supposed to pay back those <> billion euro bailouts ? they already could n't service their original debt last year at the same time , their economy is driven into recession with stringent austerity measures a statement said that the draconian package of <> in spending cuts and tax rises plus a <> privatisation programme eu politics are well known for being stunningly irrational , but this really defies logic
4	while this decision definitely needs to be viewed in a critical light , can we refrain from making comments like these they 're sectarian and really do n't add to the discussion at all
7	big hint you all are the only ones that call your country that
4	if greece can hold out until the world economy returns to a boom state then they can start earning money through tourism again
4	o k , thanks for clarification , so i guess we are pretty much on the same page but i do disagree on your assessment of their economy the main industries ( if you want to call it that ) of greece are tourism and shipping ( they also produce most of italys " original " toscana olive oil , but that is another matter ) both industries took a small hit , but not in any way comparable what other countries had to suffer through most of greeks big ships are ferries and tankers , and while these were affected , there is still demand for their service , even in times of crisis ( as opposed to container ships ) the truth is , greece produces next to nothing that is of any interest to the outside world and i really do n't understand your argument about greece joining the eu <> years ago yes they did , yes they ran deficits for all this time but until the creation of the eurozone the national economies were a national matter and nothing other countries or the eu were concerned with the greeks were known to cook their books , but mainly just to get eu subsidies nobody , including the greek government really knew the full extent of their obligations i also disagree on " no one is calling germany nazis over this " there are actually quite a few general opinion over germany has never been good in greece ( fortunately most germans do n't speak greek , otherwise public opinion would change quite a lot ) , but there are many signs at the protests that call merkel a nazi there is also this common sign of the european stars as a swastika , which i find particularly offensive
4	if you have " absolutely no idea " how the bailouts are supposed to work , how can you say whether it is logical or not ? nice try how is this supposed to help ? absolutely no idea but a bit too obvious alan greenspan , former federal reserve chairman , said a default by greece is '' almost certain '' ( http www smh com au action printarticle ? id <> ) european politicians faced unpleasant choices and had to respond but rather than decisively addressing the problem , they essentially opted to kick the can down the road ( http blogs reuters com mohamed el erian <> <> <> europe struggles with bad choices ) everyone seems to agree that what should happen will not happen that is a shrinking of the eurozone , a devaluation of europe 's peripheral " currencies " and a corresponding cut in their indebtedness the eu has become so constitutionally flawed that few of its states dare put continued membership to referendum ( http www guardian co uk commentisfree <> jun <> eurozone greece debt crisis )
5	sorry , unitedkingdish gentleman
1	oh fuck
4	england 's decision not to adopt the euro sure is saving them a lot of money
4	as an eu citizen , i am glad to help out but i'm afraid the money will once again be pocketed by the corrupt people in power
2	it 's all monopoly money anyway
4	here we go again , round two , <> down the drain , the average european taxpayer is thankful
1	and people wonder why the rich get richer why are the middle class german tax payers repaying rich german bankers that lent money to other rich people in greece that will never pay it back ? on top of all this , there are a lot of germans who think this is a great idea what the fuck
6	can someone seriously explain to me the reasoning that lead to this decision ? how is this supposed to help ?
8	the slow and painful end to the greek state
6	so , they payed off goldmann sachs what now ?
6	got any pics of your yacht ? i'm thinking of taking up sailing
4	greek retirees with <> yachts each would like to thank the average european employee
4	you know they have <> working days off each year for holidays , and like <> midnoon breaks , and yet they produce almost nothing except tourism douchebag country , leeching on eu money thank you greece !
6	what a load of crap greece still runs a huge deficit this money is n't just for the banks , it is also for current expenses and there are several infrastructure programs running right now , again financed mainly by the french and german taxpayers so yes , it is very much happening and has been for decades
2	german people invest in banks german banks invest in greece greece did stupid shit and is going down ? ? ? bail out to ensure greece has the chance to pay back the bail out is far , far less than what is invested
2	i think you do n't understand a lot of things these problems have nothing to do with the greek banks , they are not the ones who caused this problems nor are they in any way as exposed as the banks in several other nations it was the greek government that took these credits , so yes , this is very much greek national debt
1	eh , but he 's right rich people fuck up , poor people pay but if poor people fuck up you bet your ass that they 'll squeeze every dime out of you in other words old news
4	yeah , we ( the greeks ) live in our small paradise , driving our mercedes , drinking uzo by the pool and thinking how we will spend our next <> years of life after retirement clearly you have no idea how life is in greece , so do n't be so fucking sure of your opinion try to live with greek wages in greece for a year , see for yourself the amazing healthcare , the nice streets , the luxury of everyday life and you can see in sintagma how happily they accept the money that have nothing to do with the average greek citizen
2	eu politics are well known for being stunningly irrational , but this really defies logic if you have " absolutely no idea " how the bailouts are supposed to work , how can you say whether it is logical or not ? fyi , the bailouts will be used to pay for expired bonds as well as greek deficit spending the money that goes into expired bonds will decrease the debt as much as it increases it the money that goes to deficit spending will increase it essentially the expensive loans ( bonds ) are replaced by a cheaper loan ( bailout )
6	it 's really simple loan them more than can ever pay , foreclose on the land , the natural resources and create a nation of indentured servants how else do you think corporations get sovereignty ?
6	the whole nazi argument is ridiculous most people in greece consider such name calling to be below the belt , and useless much like many voices in germany calling <> million people lazy scoundrels are also not voices in the mainstream
6	you know , i'm not a big fan of the death penalty , but if its just for bankers , ceo 's and politicians i'm all for it
6	why would someone that can afford a better car opt to get this car using this program ?
4	i'm just saying we should n't look down on them for having so many kids it 's not like people living in rural india even have an income that they can save
4	unless you save for retirement seriously , the only alternatives are n't " live off your kids " or " get the government to force everyone younger than you to support you " people used to put away their own money for their own retirement it 's still possible , and still a good idea that aside , the sterilization program does n't mention wanting people to have no children it mentions people having no more children so i'm unclear on how your comment relates to mine have the number of kids you want , then stop , and maybe get a new tv while you 're at it
4	i really do n't think most peoples impulses are so bad that they 'll agree to getting surgery done on their junk without a modicum of thought , and those that do deserve to live with the consequences , as horrible as that sounds plus , if everyone with bad impulses got themselves sterilized would n't this have the result of breeding better impulse control ? it 's almost like claiming your own darwin award
4	i similarly think it would be a good plan to make iuds free to everyone , including teenagers it would temporarily ( <> years ) sterilize people who do n't want to be parents , and so who probably should n't be parents at that time and it would be entirely non coercive and lack obvious exploitation
4	while authorities claim they have not received any complaints about the campaign , family planning advocates from the non profit population foundation of india are not enamored with the plan , telling afp it amounted to " coercion by a different name " ugh it 's not coercive , there 's no guaranteed pay off , considering how few items are being raffled off and how many people they hope to enter in their raffle the incentive seems more symbolic than anything but god forbid anyone feel there 's an extra reason to get sterilized ! why , that 's , that 's what 's a good scary word coercive ! this seems like an entirely reasonable , no pressure way to encourage people to get sterilized now rather than later if they keep up the raffles , they may manage an entirely voluntary increase in the rate at which people stop risking pregnancy in pretty much every aspect , it 's laudable but it will mean fewer cuddly babies , so apparently it must be fought , with lies and misinformation if necessary i 'll say again ugh
1	if my future was determined by the stupid shit i did when i was young , i 'd be fucked
4	i actually find that disturbing i have no problem with readily available contraceptives , but this is too permanent plus , i like this line " if there is electricity in every village , then people will watch tv till late at night and then fall asleep they won t get a chance to produce children , " mr azad said at the time " when there is no electricity , there is nothing else to do but produce babies
4	this actualy seems like quite a good idea
2	why the implication that only the poor would take advantage of financial incentives ? even if you already have whatever they 're raffling off , there 's no harm in getting another free one
4	in countries like india , your children are your retirement plan unlike western nations , there are n't many social welfare programs , so when you 're too old to work , your kids take care of you if you do n't have kids , you 'll just die when you get too old to work
2	i'm not looking down on people in rural india who have no alternatives in ensuring their survival in old age i'm looking down on " the non profit population foundation of india " , who seem to view people having fewer children as intrinsically bad , regardless of the situation or personal choice i guess i'm also looking down on the octomom , and others like her , who try to make prodigious breeding out as some sort of virtue unrelated , i know , but i just really hate those people utterly irresponsible and destructive
4	no , what i'm implying is that those people silly enough to gamble their fertility away are less likely to be the kind of people emotionally mature enough to provide a stable family atmosphere , so voluntary self sterilization is a fitting end
6	they 're raffling off one car i doubt that 'll change the perception of them so much that it 'll be assumed that if you drive one , you 're poor and ball less also , do you know how sterilization works ? for ones done on males , all that 's done is that the vans deferens ( tubes connecting your balls to your urethra ) are cut and closed off you still have balls and in case you missed it go party crashing , smash it with a sledgehammer to work off stress there are still uses for free things , even if they wo n't sell well and you can afford better ones why turn your nose up at them ?
6	there are plenty of people that gamble away their life 's savings , homes , families what makes you think their fertility would be any different ?
3	dude , you still wo n't get shot for looking at a soldier the wrong way if you live in cuba , while in afghanistan they 'll kill you and say you 're a taliban terrorist
3	gaza is in bad shape but places under nazi germany were in far worse shape than any place on the list ( excluding perhaps north korea ) therefore , the fact gaza is not on the list is indication that at the very least , gaza is nowhere near the horrors being maliciously ascribed to it by the anti israeli crowd
4	a siege makes them israeli slaves ? nice to know words mean nothing except what the anti israelis want them to mean at a given moment gaza gets about <> tons in <> truckloads of daily shipments the palestinian leadership in gaza fails to order enough to fill the entirety of the truckloads , so they come not completely full israel is n't even the bottleneck on the entry of goods to gaza gaza 's residents can actually travel in and out through egypt basically every single point in your comment is false
4	probably iceland , australia , new zealand , canada , & c places where implied or constitutional rights are unlikely to be impinged
4	i read " the last free places " i started reading , scrolling around , and i was like , wtf ?
4	i live in china and i have to say it 's not even half as bad as its made out to be i have a very normal life and can use facebook , skype , reddit , any foreign press website , as do chinese people its not very fair to compare china to the likes of turkmenistan and north korea also this list seems badly put together , iran , iraq , afghanistan and a host of small sub saharan countries ruled by violent military dictatorships are missed out , probably too small , insignificant and underroported for this magazine to care ' freedom ' is a concept made by americans to look down their noses at the rest of the world people from no other country place a high value on this vague word america is not even really free in many ways they do n't have a very ' free ' political system where parties represent each part of the political spectrum rant over
4	the difference between what really happens to what people think happens it 's a great point a lot of " human rights " activists are focusing on gaza , though they can do a lot more good other places it 's not a human right issue , it 's a political issue
4	in that respect reddit is just like the unhrc reality vs making america look bad
4	fun fact majority of this places are active members of un human right counsel
8	damn , the usa is also the least happy according to one poll ( http www huffingtonpost com <> <> <> north korea global happiness index china happiest place n <> html ) sorry to hear americans , hope your country does better in the future !
4	ok lets take cuba literacy http en wikipedia org wiki list of countries by literacy rate cuba <> , us <> infant mortality http en wikipedia org wiki list of countries by infant mortality rate cuba <> , us <> life expectancy http en wikipedia org wiki list of countries by life expectancy cuba and us joint <> environmental performance index http epi yale edu countries cuba <> , us <> happy planet index http en wikipedia org wiki happy planet index cuba <> , us <> gdp http en wikipedia org wiki list of countries by gdp <> <> us <> , cuba <> not everything is great in cuba but living in a country with enormous natural resources per capita you have no right to be so condescending to a country that has managed so much against the backdrop of us funded death squads , assassination and cia coups in all of it 's neighbours
4	this looks like a list of evil commie nations and dirty arabs in other words not biased at all
2	i dislike these kind of assessments ? what is ' freedom ' in any case ? going by certain established critera disregards that certain people might have their own ideas of what constitutes freedom , or liberty
4	it 's like a " who 's who " of the next to revolt !
4	i do n't see how national media glorifying their own struggle against a foreign invader is any proof of censorship , or how it is funny have you ever been to china ? i think you took my post the wrong way i was not implying that their struggle against the japanese is funny , that would be ridiculous but saying there is no proof of censorship is just plain ignorant they pick and choose what parts of their history they want to share with the public , way more so than in the united states sure , obviously american movies are often biased in favour of america , but if you go to china you 'll realize that comparing this sort of thing to u <> or pearl harbour is laughable it 's a whole different level of misinformation
4	china also have quite a bit of freedom and an efficient central government , but some really shitty municipal level leadership but that will change slowly therez talk of media reform and judiciary independence from top officials like wen jia bao china is not that oppressive i ca n't prove that really just take a vacation to anywhere in china i guaranteed you will have a good time , even tibet
7	ok i'm confused , are you arguing that censorship in the us and the uk is at the same level as china ? there 's no way you can believe that and " empire of the sun " and " shanghai " both touch on the chinese role in ww2
2	there is nothing quite like reddit to call bullshit on bullshit
4	having the largest prison population in the world is only one good reason for them to be on the list
1	fucking tell me about it i usually stay up late at night wishing i could finally get my finances together to move to somalia with my family one day one day
4	yeah , you can use sites like facebook , twitter , and youtube only if you have a proxy or vpn i was just there , and those three and many other sites are blocked everyone i spoke to who did have access to those sites used a vpn they paid for i enjoyed my time though , and people seem happy and pretty free for the most part , minus the part where they ca n't vote or protest anything
4	just outta curiosity where in china do you live ? from what i 've understood from articles and some of my chinese friends is that some places , like hong kong ( i'm including hk and macau as part of china ) , do n't experience the same oppression as most parts of china perhaps you can comment on the accuracy of this statement ?
2	i just spent a month in china and facebook and youtube were banned in mainland china unless you 're in hong kong , i have to call bullshit on this edit also , there is a lot of censoring and straight up lies about of their history at museums and such television is also mostly ( if not all ) state run and heavily censored one thing i thought was particularly funny was there is a war history channel which plays , almost exclusively , chinese movies about them beating the japanese in ww2 without giving credit to the allies
6	why is the most free states are the ones i least wanna go to ?
4	oh wow context fail on my part i looked at your comment in isolation
4	you must really like your downvotes
4	you do realize hamas controls gaza , executes all of the gays that it would like , and israel exerts no control over any of it ? i am sure many of the thousands of people israel has killed were also gay just as i am sure you realize israel is running a blockade on gaza you are ridiculous as i already explained they do get what they like we all know that 's not true they do n't get what they like they get what you allow them to get that 's what a blockade is all about they are not filling the shipments that they 're already getting it 's not your place to restrict anything to anybody funny that you try to make it about religion or culture , which are completely irrelevant it 's completely relevant to a person raised in the jewish religion and culture an occupation is a moral and just thing a blockade on millions of people is a moral and just thing to rational atheists it 's not then why are gaza 's authorities not ordering enough to fill up the shipments ? ordering from who ? israel ? because they probably have given up on israel to deliver what they want and need they are probably looking at other means of getting what they need given that hamas uses all of its power to commit war crimes and attack israeli cities with rockets it makes sense for israel to attempt to restrict the rocket attacks with a siege given that the idf routinely launches attacks on gaza killing and injuring many people it makes perfect sense that hamas should attack israel any way they can what does n't make sense is that even as the siege was pretty much removed , intellectually dishonest ( the main bulk of anti israelis ) continue to complain if it was " pretty much removed " you would not be blocking these ships israel is doing some really bad things , which you barely hear about ( mainly west bank settlement related ) , but all you hear about are false allegations about bad things that israel does n't do israel does many bad things thanks to the support of the vast majority of israelis and the vast majority of the jewish diaspora including you as long as jews world wide act as apologists and deniers israel will continue to do bad things so pay yourself on the back and congratulate yourself for helping israel do many bad things
5	we 've been blowing up a huge chunk of the middle east for almost a decade now how are you not ashamed of what our government is doing in our name ? it 's even more sad than that , we 're a complete war country if you look through our history , we have always had a ridiculous number of major wars going on as george carlin put it this country has only been around for <> years , and we 've already had <> major wars we average a major war every <> years in this country what 's going on now is hardly new
6	why yes , <> of their funds come directly from the us government
4	i loves me a good logical fallacy !
4	funny how many countries " close " to the us are in this list and cuba is on there while bahrain , iran and saudi arabia are not hillary ious iraq , afghanistan , haiti , south sudan and kazakhstan are also soooo extremly free
5	the link reminded me of this lisa it 's from my pen pal anya ! reads anya voice over dear lisa , as i write this , i am very sad our president has been overthrown and voice changes to that of a man replaced by the benevolent general krull all hail krull and his glorious new regime ! sincerely , little girl
6	gaza ? what does it mean to be more or less free ? political freedoms , living conditions ? how are such rankings even produced ?
1	as a canadian , i'm regularly disgusted by my fellow canadians that go to resorts in cuba for vacation way to support a horrible dictatorship with a long history of human rights issues even everybody 's darling , david suzuki , praised cuba what the fuck
4	everywhere but here everything is just fine here worry about elsewhere , we got everything under control here just sit and be a good little citizen now
1	why do n't the cia just kill all these murderous despots ? seriously , it ca n't be that hard i 'd take a bullet for executing one of these sick fucks oh , and i wish my country would stop selling arms to saudi arabia
2	bullshit ! ! ! !
4	it 's a good question , indeed perhaps they do n't perceive their election as fraudulent as others
4	i have seen inaccurate movies about us exploits in wwii check out u <> and pearl harbour on the otherhand , i have seen chinese wwii movies where the protagonist is a downed flying tigers pilot the chinese were fighting the japanese since <> , half a decade before any official american involvement i do n't see how national media glorifying their own struggle against a foreign invader is any proof of censorship , or how it is funny american media equally plays down wwii involvement of the chinese and the soviets , the two countries with the most losses during the war , even though china was responsible for tying down most of japan 's troops and the soviets were responsible for taking berlin
6	why is my country , vietnam not on there ? i say something bad about the government openly and the first thing people do is tell me to shut up and that am risking a lot
4	it looks like they were mostly going on internal repression , what a government does to its own people gaza and the west bank are repressed externally more than internally
6	why would they mention the us ? we have quite a bit of freedom we have some shitty leadership right now , but that changes every couple of years to mention the us when there are many other nations which are repressive and oppressive would do this list a disservice
1	i have to admit that it 's infuriating how little people understand about how fucking shitty the cuban government has been to us over the last <> years yeah , it 's not as backwards afghanistan but it 's totalitarian
1	a siege makes them israeli slaves ? that 's the purpose of it yes gaza gets about <> tons in <> truckloads of daily shipments they should get as much as they want , need and can afford not what you think they should get the fact that you think you should be able dictate what they should get , when they should get it and how much they should get is a prime indicator of how immoral and disgusting your religion and culture are israel is n't even the bottleneck on the entry of goods to gaza yes it is gaza 's residents can actually travel in and out through egypt this is a recent development and one that made israel very angry let 's see how long israel lets this continue
4	one should bear in mind the political baggage that comes from " freedom house " which gets <> of its funding from the us government that is not to say that these countries are ' free ' in any sense , but a list like this will certainly lend itself to biases based on which countries are omitted and which ones are n't just as a small example they list south ossetia as being ' unfree ' but give no reasons i certainly wonder what it would be like if the georgian military took control after shelling the population with rockets i'm sure they would have turned it into a bastion of freedom and democracy
4	somalia is on here , and china but not singapore ? kewl , guess we got us a good ol fashioned " people we do n't like " list
4	how is china and even tibet on the list ? i prefer them over countries like afghanistan , iran or iraq
2	this is a bullshit list libya at number <> give me a break you wont see pakistan , afghanistan , iraq or the palestinian states , because that would go against american foreign policy ever wonder why we are in libya and have not interfered in any other revolution oil and less know monetary policy gaddafi was going to introduce currency tied to a gold standard
4	i 've heard that education there only costs like a dollar a day , for less than a cup of coffee your children can be educated and clothed ! now that 's a free and happy place to live i bet !
4	i came here expecting to see angsty reddit children making polemic cases for how the us should be on the list amongst the likes of north korea and somalia i was not disappointed
1	then what about yemen , bahrain , oman , etc and you 're telling me that saudi arabia is less repressive than some of those countries in the list above it ? fuck you
4	free ! good to live in an anarchy is perfectly free , but not very safe
4	not saying that the iraqi and afghan governments are not repressing people to a certain extent ( i am admittedly uninformed on that particular topic ) , but i think when some people compare china and cuba with iraq and afghanistan they 're confusing security with freedom the government can repress the shit out of you without you being at high risk of bombings , kidnapping and the like too many people fail to make this distinction free countries must always sacrifice some security for that freedom i like to say that i prefer freedom over security , and to the extent that those scales lean in freedom 's direction where i live , i do but i bet there are people in fairly free ( but highly insecure ) countries who would give their left nut to spend some time in cuba or china edit i should type faster this thread saw a lot of posts while i was typing mine , and it seems i'm not the only one who sees this distinction not that i thought i was the only one , but i wanted to say it first , dammit
4	i would actually prefer china over a lot of countries seriously , major cities in china are really among world class developed nations ' you actually get more freedom if you are a foreigner even more freedom if you are a influential one most corp have their own vpn besides its not like secret police is gonna knock on your door the moment u post something politically unapproved by the gov therez <> billion ? netizen and couple thousand internet police and the auto censor is only good at deleting stuff they really do n't have the time to come physically delete you you really have a greater chance of getting assassinated by the cia
4	i bet you are an american and never been there just take the route from canada here and visit there its not that bad for a tourism destination and you get to walk around anywhere you like man their cigars are dirt cheap and better than any stuff you find state side they have to stage the whole country to fake this its really different from that fake tour to nk the resort and hotels are owned by the gov tho but i would n't take a vacation to afghan
1	that 's the purpose of it yes you do realize hamas controls gaza , executes all of the gays that it would like , and israel exerts no control over any of it ? they should get as much as they want , need and can afford not what you think they should get the fact that you think you should be able dictate what they should get , when they should get it and how much they should get is a prime indicator of how immoral and disgusting your religion and culture are you are ridiculous as i already explained they do get what they like they are not filling the shipments that they 're already getting funny that you try to make it about religion or culture , which are completely irrelevant yes it is then why are gaza 's authorities not ordering enough to fill up the shipments ? this is a recent development and one that made israel very angry let 's see how long israel lets this continue given that hamas uses all of its power to commit war crimes and attack israeli cities with rockets it makes sense for israel to attempt to restrict the rocket attacks with a siege what does n't make sense is that even as the siege was pretty much removed , intellectually dishonest ( the main bulk of anti israelis ) continue to complain israel is doing some really bad things , which you barely hear about ( mainly west bank settlement related ) , but all you hear about are false allegations about bad things that israel does n't do an israeli arab ( http www reddit com user thedevilsdictionary ) summed it up well how about , go after the myriad of problems they openly exhibit , and stop making bullshit up ? just a thought it 's not just reddit here , it 's the pro palestinian people in general so eager to jump on any scrap of dirt , when there 's a mountain of it <> feet away
4	ha lol i thought the article was titled " the last fred places on earth in <> " i was totally confused i was like " whoosh ! " it 's the l ea st free places on earth okay i get it now derr
6	" freedom house ranking " yeah americans are not on the list ? thats because the report is american dumbassese and i never saw libya in reports like these before obvious war propaganda im surprised they even dared to mention saudi and china
4	" north koreans enjoy the lowest levels of freedom in the world according to freedom house 's rankings " that is not really funny
1	interestingly i do n't see fiji in the list , nor do i see few other middle eastern nations , along with pakistan in pakistan , even internet does n't have freedom i do n't see israel and palestine and iraq and afghanistan this list is bull i suppose adding iraq and afghanistan and israel makes america look bad , huh ? amongst the most free nations , i would like to vote india man , those indians they can do whatever the fuck they want over there , and there is peace
4	it is odd that your country is not up their , but compared to your neighbors ( china , laos ) the state repression of free speech is not as great , or just has n't been coordinated enough to reach the ears of foreign journalists for example , while china has gone a great length into censuring western media like cnn , bbc , and youtube , your government does n't really care this , and other gestures from the vietnamese government , should go a long way in making sure that vietnam is a sure choice for foreign investment as china tries to reign in and keep its tight control
4	you 're wrong just like the parent if you took the time to read the actual document , you can see that the gaza strip and the west bank are both " not free "
4	wow , you 're dreaming big i 'd settle for syria
4	people from all the country on the list can post on reddit if they have an interenet connection it is not like this is hukcheamingsucksdicks com
4	the coalition government is a good deal better than people think still pretty shitty as a place to live , and terrifying , and dangerous , but as far as freedom goes , it rightly ranks above the countries on this list tsvangiri 's been a moderating influence on the government 's own corruption , the rampant criminal activity ( even the activity influenced by zanu pf 's policies ) does n't restrict freedom so much as terrify the hell out of everyone in the country i mean , really , they held free elections , and the dictator for life was voted out he did n't step down anyway , but people were free enough to vote against him , and he did form a coalition government
6	compromises of freedoms in first world countries are small potatoes compared to what 's going on in a majority of the world even in the higher end of the developing world , we 'd be surprised at some of the shit that goes on , oppression that 's facilitated both by corruption and the government i remember talking to recent migrants i used to work about what goes on in their countries and i was stunned it made my bitching about the government seem like a spoiled child having a tantrum i can see why they would do anything to get to the first world however , this does n't mean that we should simply accept what we have and stop whining i still want equal rights for everyone no matter their gender , race , financial situation or sexuality i still want people to be able to express themselves artistically or politically without censorship if anything , seeing the situation in these countries reminds me that in the first world , there is more of a chance than anywhere of creating a truly ' free ' society it also reminds me that many of these regimes are directly or indirectly created by the first world in the first world , we have more of an influence over our government than anywhere else and we should use that influence to try to steer our governments away from foreign policy that breeds these regimes
4	ahhh , thank you for clearing that up )
4	i do n't believe you understand context or have reasoning if i say good work as i did in the sentence , i would assume people would think i am saying good work to the good guys , not the bad so , " good for them " translates to , " good for the marines , no deaths and the message is sent " the marines had no deaths and they sent the message , which i think is crystal clear you might have a little trouble , but i'm willing to help you out if you need it
4	i figured that " good work " would mean they could arrest the suspects without violence this is just " work "
2	i accept your unconditional and cowardly surrender off you go
1	in prison communities there 's a lot more gay partnerings than gays i think that 's called rape , but whatever melts your butter kid
6	what are you babbling ? teaching kids that , " when you have sex with someone , you automatically get whatever disease they have and any disease anyone they 've had sex with had " is n't about aids and homosexuality , it is about scaring people about the dangers of all stis stis are a serious health problem , and it is true in a sense that when you have sex with someone , you can catch whatever sti they have , which they got from previous partners while one can question the legitimacy of trying to scare kids instead of just teaching them the facts , it is n't about being politically correct about aids and homosexuality
4	thank you this is what i was trying to say
8	understood what a devastating way to contract hiv not to say that it 's not all unfortunate , but damn
3	i read claims that it 's well over <> times higher , the risk that is , than what this article quotes ( <> times ) i do n't know if it matters much , since the general consensus should be that it goes with a much greater risk
2	so a man can have sex with another but they are not gay or bisexual apart from rape how does this work so a person who rapes cats is not into beastiallity as long as they say so , no matter how many cats they rape
6	actually , the highest infection rates are in men who have sex with men ( msm ) , ok i'm with you this far who do n't necessarily identify as gay or bisexual lol whether they " identify " being gay or not , they are gay being in denial does n't make them straight they do n't get to choose or " identify " what they are i think your love of over catagorization and worthless acronyms is clouding your thinking this also seems like a convenient means for the gay community to disown the problem of hiv transmission and blame straight people , as they so often like to do
4	i'm glad i was able to teach you something
2	anal sex is seen as a cultural loophole
3	duby presented the findings of her study , which interviewed almost <> people in tanzania , uganda and kenya i just want to point out this statement is meant to apply to people in these areas as a heterosexual i clicked the link expecting to find an article claiming my middle school education was wrong , and that anal sex was somehow not more dangerous i imagine that these statistics would be quite different in other regions of the world
6	we should start a rumor that sex with a condom does n't count ( and it would almost be true ) then the cultural loophole would be the condom tada !
1	the first symptom of hiv is a pounding sensation in your asshole
2	always where a condom ! is it really that hard ?
6	the other people who replied to your comment are missing the obvious male male sex homosexual sex gay heterosexual people do no have homosexual intercourse , by definition edit to the people downvoting this why do n't you break out a dictionary and look up the definitions of these words
2	anal sex is shitty
4	ah , thanks for the information i actually meant the rate of occurrence for new infections , which is slightly different than transmission rate though have n't blood transfusion transmissions been cut down to almost zero in the us ? maybe the data on the wiki page is from worldwide information
8	that 's exactly what it 's for and personally , i despise it it 's become a very difficult psychological challenge for me as an adult
2	that really is n't true there 's a big difference between behavior and identity refusing to acknowledge the fact that there are plenty of men who have had risky sex with other men who are not gay and go on to have risky sex with women or other men in the future is to cabin the scope of our consideration of the hiv problem and denounce responsibility if it 's just seen as " their " problem , mainstream communities feel entitled to shirk their duties to practice safer sex
8	i think you missed the point of my reply and i ca n't tell if you 're trolling or earnestly believe what you espouse so i 'll just let you stew bless your heart
7	even if the msms were actually gay , one reason i can think of why they do n't identify is because society , as you do , looks down on the lgbt community , particularly cultures of machismo and btw , as a member of the gay community no , i do n't " disown " the problem of hiv transmission it 's a huge public health concern within my community that i 'd like to ameliorate try not to overthink it try to think k thx bye
6	the home secretary was horrified what a bunch of hypocrites this man did n't actually harm anyone and did the best he could under shitty circumstances i ca n't understand why he should be considered a war criminal
4	that was a very smart move for the king he offered a false dicotomy you want everything to stay as it is or do you want the king to have less powers ? nowhere in the ballot was the choice to remove the king completely so if you wanted that option you could vote " no " for the reforms , which puts you on the same boat as monarchists or you could protect on the streets which other people luke accuse you of being against democracy , since you did n't bothered to vote the king got what he wanted and even if he never gets back the power he lost he set morocco to a slow path to an english like democracy , but probably after the next generation even so the king keeps his social status and money , and does n't need to go throught the trouble of actual king caring for anyone smart move , any king that is n't a sociopath should follow him
4	this is just a joke , a trick from the king to show the international community he is for the change , so it 'll give him a good excuse to crush any voice of dissent no one i know voted for this shit and it still got <> , what a crock of shit
2	there 's a goddamn search function people come on
1	heh , fuck that shit let china protect their own border
6	the north korean government should manufacture heroin for its people <> it would allow them to mask their problems " look at this magical medicine our dear leader has created ! <> it would make the populous complacent " why not shoot up instead of argue ? " and if they do argue , they can just pull their source enjoy your withdraws , lol hell , this dictator thing is easy
6	i'm surprised the north koreans did n't think of this earlier why not become a narco state ? the pyongyang regime already runs the country like a giant slave labour camp , so why not operate at least one cash industry , regardless of the morality ?
6	seems smart the dprk is rational a crazy , batshit , unscrupulous kind of rational but rational nonetheless
6	after reading this article and that one about russian krokodil , i 've come to a startling conclusion ( to paraphrase jurassic park ) because the history of evolution is that drugs escape all barriers drugs break free drugs expand to new territories painfully , perhaps even dangerously but drugs find a way
6	twenty years ago , yanji had only <> registered drug addicts last year , the city registered almost <> , <> drug addicts odd i was under the impression that using abusing drugs in china was a mandatory death sentence have they relaxed their rules ?
6	meth is pretty hardcore you have to be rather serious about your drug use to do something that can be cooked in a tub man , why does this meth taste like soap ?
4	i'm here with blorktronics north korea is starving again this time china does n't want to send aid besides the fact that former aid was mismanaged , loans were n't payed back and kim jong il is sending insane threats good reason may be support of dprk for organized crime in china you wont hear about this on reddit , but afaik much more repression in the country is aimed at crime syndicates than human rights activist imo , in the long run china may prefer more american military near its land border look at afghanistan china is much better off with semi failed state right now and american presence than with civil war <> <> and total chaos
6	because it would royally piss off china , north korea 's last remaining ' ally ' and supplier of vital resources such as oil it would not be a wise move
3	that is strangely and frighteningly appropriate
8	trafficking is a death sentence for sure that 's what got that australian man sentenced to death a year or two back not sure about using though , but that may depend on how much of the drug they had on them when they were caught
5	drugs are nothing but what human nature makes them so you 'd be more correct in saying human nature finds a way
4	the band joy division took their name from these women it was not just concentration camp inmates , it was all of the conquered people russians , ukrainians , every race , creed and color in asia , the japanese army had " comfort women " that were issued to every platoon one woman for <> to <> men koreans , chinese , japanese and some round eyes from indonesia and china one of the great shames of the americans pacific campaign was what happened to the women when the crack japanese army that was attacking eastern india surrendered to the british as they were withdrawing into burma , the british had a problem with what to do with the " comfort women " should they be left with their rapists or should they be treated differently ? they were , i believe , segregated in a separate prison camp in australia the " comfort women " that were with the japanese occupiers in the island chains were murdered by the occupiers i do n't want to even think of how they died the only place that significant numbers of " comfort women " were captured was rabaul , the huge base that was bypassed on the new britain island the japanese women who carried their children off of the cliffs on guam , to certain death , had a real good idea of what would happen if the americans captured them armies commit atrocities the russians raped their way across eastern germany the allies in the west committed over <> , <> reported rapes in occupied france during the liberation the german army occupying france executed <> to <> soldiers for rape i have no idea of how the allies stacked up against that
2	just another pile of bullshit nothing to see here
6	what are you talking about ?
4	good for them , everyone loves hot cocoa !
1	if you think you can understand war with data , you are part of the problem
2	i do n't think anyone really thinks that the us went in after terrorists the natural resources were always the reason just like in lybia
1	if you think you can understand war without data , you are part of the problem you are also part of the problem if you think data is all you need to understand war ) (
6	it 's hard to take , i do n't wanna believe it either wish i knew why they were doing this , and who " they " is
5	im in beijing right now it was really crazy at <> , the sky was the darkest ive ever seen , completely black the rain was so intense that parts of the office roof collapsed and water got everywhere big fuckin mess , ive never seen such a flood in a short time like this it lasted about <>
1	from the pictures it look as though no one seems to give a fuck
7	my heart goes out to everyone out there keep strong
8	dude , i hope you and your co workers are alright ! please give us an update
6	i do n't think i could miss news this big apparently you did ( http www reddit com r worldnews comments i7mv4 flash flood hits beijing c21m9mh ) even the forbidden city got inundated
6	huh ? so where are all the pictures and videos from ?
2	it smelled like shit for <> days as the sewers overflowed but that 's about it you couldnt tell it happened now
4	can we all use the proxy ? sounds like fun
3	stupid pakistani 's we are giving them a boatload of cash , yet they are a nuclear armed terrorist state the pentagon must be drawing up contingency plans to get rid of the nuclear thread from this terrorist , backwards country
4	a proxy with a static ip ? it 's probably an anycast setup , and they have a bunch of proxies with the same address ( that is why it needs to be in the private range ) then , they block web traffic from their public addressing space , and you would be ' forced ' to go via the proxy looks like they are trying the chinese way
4	thanks for generalizing an entire country bro , you must be really smart
4	canada is a technological backwater due to its ratio between population density and infrastructure required a city like new york would have many times the number of subscribers on <> <> th of the infrastructure this is why canada has the most expensive service charges and the telcos are apprehensive on investing in infrastructure upgrades
1	fuck europeans their ancestors are responsible for the vast majority of human misery the world over ! fuck europe !
5	something i do n't understand what exactly is so bad with just letting greece default on its debt ? i do n't see why the germans or french should bail them out here 's what they 're worried about greece defaults german and french banks which own the debt go bust as a result i say , who cares ? let all the idiots involved go bankrupt bailouts just encourage more irresponsible behavior banks will always lend to basket case countries like greece , because they believe their investment will be bailed out my the more stable countries yes , if some german banks go down , their economy will have short term problems with lending but in that case , just provide an infusion of capital to good banks that were n't so irresponsible with their lending if your economy is facing a liquidity crisis , better to help good banks expand than to help prop bad banks up
1	you mean those same ancestors that colonized north america and australia ? so actually fuck europe , north america and australia ? to judge people on what their ancestors did seems so reasonable
1	israel has what , thousands of palestinians held on flimsy or ridiculous charges ? i can understand how palestinians could be frustrated by the red cross 's focus on their one and only prisoner , although obviously he should have been released long ago
1	does haaretz always run storys based on what unamed sources say ? worst fucking journalism ever
6	why would i bother ? if it has some truth in it i will see it reported on the bbc or nytimes or some other well reputed newssite
4	those jokes are always made when the idea comes up i'm not trying to argue that the article is suggesting it or that the defense will suggest it or anything silly like that , i'm just trying to head it off at the pass because reddit 's full of people who think it 's hysterical
4	here 's one possible narrative strauss kahn solicited a prostitute who decided afterwards to blackmail him being french and perfectly okay with soliciting prostitutes , he likely rebuffed the blackmail she then came up with the story about how he had raped her as a means of revenge and possible restitution
4	we already have misogynists on reddit assuming that it probably did n't happen because he could afford to pay for better , now she 's alleged to have worked as a prostitute so i imagine we 'll see people taking this as fact ( because " a source close to the defense " is known as a reliable guy ) and assume she 's a vindictive hooker looking for a big score while making the occasional joke about raping a prostitute only being theft i have n't been following this case so i do n't know a lot about it , i could n't have less of an idea if this dude is guilty or not and the article mentions some things from the district attorney that certainly damage the woman 's credibility assuming they 're true but the alleged prostitution rumour being published without any corroborating evidence is lazy , prejudicial faux journalism that reinforces the misogyny inherent in a lot of these kinds of cases involving rich , powerful men and will only serve to bolster the sort of people who immediately dismiss an accusation like this as the work of money grubbing attention whores
4	the daily mail may have a very right wing stance , but they are nothing like fox news at least they report the truth horribly spun rather than downright lies
1	<> posts on the same irrelevant local subject in <> minutes fuck off
1	who gives a shit ? fuck all of the middle east in its ear
4	i meant arnie gundersen , and i do n't really follow michio kaku either thanks for letting linking to that article on reactor four that is good news
4	i meant arnie gundersen , and i do n't really follow michio kaku either thanks for linking to that article on reactor four that is good news
6	reactor pool <> was empty was it ? it does not seem so ( http atomicinsights com <> <> nrc professional staff brief very good news unit <> pool never dry html )
8	gladly it will release more radiation if it has n't already , it will contaminated more land if it has n't already , the water table will be contaminated which is very bad , the reactor cores are burrowing into the concrete foundation , the concrete foundation has large fractures and fissures in it , they do n't expect to achieve a cold shutdown for at least a year ( it does not look like they 're going to meet that deadline ) , there are <> nuclear reactors that have not only fully melted down but also melted through the containment vessels , and to top it all off , they have absolutely no idea what to do about it because they ca n't seal it in a sarcophagus like they did at chernobyl for various reasons , and there is really no other solution this kind of nuclear catastrophe should not have happened and , since it should have been such an unlikely occurrence , it was not planned for if you do n't believe me then you are in denial because i have said nothing that has n't been widely reported on already if you want a source , then use google you 're a big boy , you do n't need me to hold your hand
5	you do realize that i said that he has n't claimed anything that jeopardizes his stance as an authority figure and an expert , right ? a lot of experts thought that reactor pool four was empty that bit of news you linked me to is good news and recent news sorry for missing it , but , up to this point , most experts thought it was empty also , they still do n't know for sure if it was or was n't completely empty , but what we do know for sure is that reactor cores were , with out a doubt , exposed to air and probably still are since reactor building four blew up and all the machinery and structures are in ruins
5	it will release more radiation if it has n't already , it will contaminated more land if it has n't already , so basically , " already worse than chernobyl " means " might be worse than chernobyl later " got it it 's like harold camping , if shit happens you get to claim your guess was due to foresight and not a guess the reactor cores are burrowing into the concrete foundation and your proof that it 's still the thousand celsius inside the reactor that would be necessary to do this is what ? all actual evidence is that it 's nowhere near that temperature anymore and wo n't be going back to that unless cooling is interrupted again there are <> nuclear reactors that have not only fully melted down but also melted through the containment vessels there 's no evidence they 've melted through their containment vessels , only their pressure vessels go ahead , try to find real evidence of this ( you 're a " big boy " like you said , right ? ) , then when you ca n't , ask yourself why the sites you were reading would lie to you there 's a big difference between the containment vessels leaking water in places the core having actually left the containment vessel
5	do n't mean to sound like an ass but is dr kaku , actually qualified or knowlegable enough to be an expert on the current situation in japan , or is it simply of his opinion , that it is a ' ticking time bomb ' ?
1	michio kaku 's a fucking liar everyone on that joke of a " news network " is
1	please , do not insult the reddit holy cow , nuclear power
6	funny you should mention that because the us media sure is n't
8	dr kaku is a theoretical physicist he is definitely an authority figure he may have his biases , but he is definitely worth taking seriously
7	actually , he 's not " japan 's " version of anything he was born and raised in san jose just a nitpick makes no difference of his opinions on this accident
8	arnie gundersen has proven to be very reliable in his predictions and has not said anything that jeopardizes his reputation as an authority figure and an expert also , michio kaku is a theoretical physicist , which is a title that should not be dismissed so readily both of these people should be taken seriously
8	michio kaku is a theoretical physicist yes , but theoretical physics is a different field of study than applied nuclear physics or the industry of nuclear energy one can be an expert in aerodynamics without having flown a jet having not visited the fukushima site himself , like everybody else he relies only on reports from observers about what 's going on inside each of those reactors he can speculate , and you can take him seriously if you like , but one must treat his analysis as only that
1	arnie gundersen has proven to be very reliable in his predictions oh , you mean like this when he claimed reactor <> 's pool was empty ( http www youtube com watch ? v d6dzqzy k2c ) ? or maybe like this when he was claiming it was worse than chernobyl ( http www youtube com watch ? v lnjf4whnta4 ) ? maybe he was confused because he claims to have far more experience than he does ( http atomicinsights com <> <> arnie gundersen has inflated his resume yet frequently claims that entergy cannot be trusted html ) the media loves him because he makes these big claims and they do n't care when he 's just bullshitting as it gets viewers the same situation exists with kaku but it 's not all the media 's fault , they 're feeding an increasingly uncritical and trusting population
5	maybe he was confused because he claims to have far more experience than he does oh , this old hat i keep forgetting about it
1	and the disaster is worse than chernobyl it 's released less radiation , contaminated less land , and harmed fewer people explain
2	reactor pool <> was empty and the disaster is worse than chernobyl
2	that is a rather stupid and badly worded headline who writes this stuff ? it should read senegal 's president has dropped proposed changes to the country 's constitution after thousands protested outside dakar 's parliament
8	i had no idea this was happening , thanks for the link you have my upvote
4	as long as you give me a battery as well i like going outside when the sun shines ) now , get in that hazmat suit , poindexter
4	exactly they were n't designed to withstand exactly what was very likely to hit them cutting corners to save money not so bad with a wind turbine , deadly with a nuke
4	hell , i'm a multi millionaire in yen i could even buy , like , a small car with my savings , maybe
8	sorry to be crass , but somebody has to do it i do n't think it 's realistic to expect other countries to send their workers in , because no one in their right mind would want to go near there i'm not saying this is right , but at this stage anybody will do i 've been in the army they say " we need some volunteers you , you and you ! " chernobyl was fixed in the same way and maybe this is what is required here
6	what happened to the retired engineers who were offering to go in ?
6	what do rights groups know about anything ?
4	well those who are poor are more likely to work in such dangerous conditions than someone who could work for more money in a safer environment i dont see a problem
4	yah , and they 're being excellent pay in a country with excellent medical care this a good option for these people
4	people who should be doing that work before a vulnerable minority group does tepco management tepco board members japan 's nuclear regulators japan 's elected officials once you run out of those people , tepco shareholders the real owners of the company are much more appropriately next in line to face consequences for what their company did they took the dividends and capital gains in the good years now gypsies die to clean up the mess ?
1	so you 're mad that iran air ca n't purchase american made aircraft parts to fix their dilapidated fleet , yet you want to u s to " fuck off " ca n't have it both ways iran air sure does n't want the u s to " fuck off " , that 's for sure ( my comment was mostly in jest i'm fully aware that you have no idea what sanctions are )
1	i wish america would just fuck off
1	oh no , my precious karma points i was gonna buy a new espresso machine with those , and now they 're all gone shit this is terrible i 'll never make another controversial post again , evaar ! fuck all of youse ! cunts gimme back my karma points , or i 'll rape a puppy !
6	he asked why you should n't do it , not whether it had been done before
8	so when the germans tried to starve the entire netherlands , that does n't qualify ? or enslaved a significant portion of the polish population ? all those people who were in the " targeted " groups were europeans belonging to individual nations first and foremost what happened on both sides is that people let this happen to other people because it was n't happening to them no nation got involved in wwii out of a sense of justice or violated ethics they got involved because of political and economic reasons if you actually look at the historical documents of them time , you 'll find that the moral justification bit only got invented after the war
8	unfortunately , in another part of the world , a horrible event like srebrenica massacre ( http en wikipedia org wiki srebrenica massacre ) happened shortly after i'm skeptic whether a lot of people aware of it
6	of course you know why that is this country is so cravenly pc , and terrified of being accused of racism , that unless a crime is perpetrated by a european , you cannot call attention to it if the same situation had been the scots slaughtering the welsh , the us would have been all over it and calling it genocide but , since the monsters in this case were african crickets
6	because raiding pension plans , running pyramid scheme scams , and bilking millions of people out of millions of their hard earned dollars is n't destructive gosh , those rich white people why ca n't everyone be more like them ?
6	why not ? let 's say you 're the member of a formerly enslaved group you somehow gain your freedom the oppressors come back and there is no ability to negotiate or compromise let 's also say that every member of this group constitutes a current or future threat what do you do ?
8	yes , sadly unthinkable human rights tragedies are happening right now all over the world well documented and well known that 's why the news gets to me so much coverage of sensationalized bs and " filler " news on the other hand i think if people were forced to watch the really important stuff <> <> they could n't handle how bad it really is and would simply tune out
8	no genocide has happened since rwanda what you mention are not genocide , they are massacres there was no intent in any of your examples of a willingness to destroy all members of the opposing side that said , if it would start again somewhere in africa , i am convinced the lack of reaction would be the same do n't forget , the rwandese genocide lasted only <> days during which about <> ' <> people were massacred ( that 's <> dead day , <> hour , <> <> minute ! ! ! ) but i agree with your second paragraph
3	i do n't understand why this woman would order a rape i could understand the rapists doing it , as horrible as that is , and i could understand ordering genocide , as horrible as that is , but what does ordering a rape accomplish , even in the mind of a bigoted , murderous , genocidal maniac ?
5	probably should n't have raped and genocided
1	fuck yr christ
6	lol tutsi but for real , i know some tutsi refuges from burundi , their baby son was poisoned in their refuge camp for being a tutsi or something like that it 's been awhile
4	thanks for that the man deserves to be known by name related please consider doing an ama on your time in rwanda
6	if only women ruled the world , there would be no reads article , oh never mind
3	<> year trial ? ! horrible i hope she rots
2	i can see how you think that civil war such as this has little to do with a state 's liberalism , but show me a democratic state with strong property rights and i 'll show you a state free of genocide hand in hand is exactly it edit to include the standard caveats that colonialism ruined any chance african countries have at installing such a regime today , & c not arguing that point
1	or armenians , or congolese pygmies , or people of an ' incorrect ' political orientation in argentina , chile , or the ussr , or anyone they 're not specifically told to care about fuck , now i need a drink
6	at least you tried , when you were in a position to try dont feel bad
1	should n't all modern nations be as accountable as the u s in this case ? or am i misinformed and america is the only country not doing everything to help ? i agree that these nations need aid to help prevent such atrocities , but i almost never hear " when will the denmark stop the horrible events in genocidia ? ! "
4	yeah i recognize that i'm still leary of that whole mess , honestly as another comment mentions , it 's not cut and dry really screwed up situation over there shame , too , becuase rwandans are some of the best people i 've ever had the pleasure of meeting
5	come on , let 's be fair here the reason the holocaust happened while the world watched is because the world ( for the most part ) simply do n't care about jews ftfy , and for the most part , yes , i 'd agree with that statement there are numerous critiques of america 's late entrance into the war that are centered on this fact the saddest thing is that nobody ever decided to intervene in rwanda , and rwanda happened after we all supposedly learned our lesson about genocide and how horrible it is
2	the average person has little reason to care about the mass murder and genocide of an ethnic group ? of the systematic murder of <> <> <> , <> , <> human beings ?
6	poor on poor crime more like it you do n't see ghetto thugs hunting down rich black folk just to take them down a notch , do you ?
7	so true before the white man came to africa , it was a peaceful , civilized , egalatarian utopia
4	i did n't this was way more interesting than amusing rage comics
2	typical nigger behavior i bet obama does the same shit that 's what happens when we let niggers run countries
4	good god i should have read that article a little at a time that was completely terrifying it 's incredible how this type of thing is happening somewhere , pretty much all the time how can entire nations get wrapped up in this type of insanity ? it 's mind boggling
4	well said how many good people die for doing the right thing , and how often do they go unsung there should be a memorial day for tall those who died fighting against violence
8	either really do n't get me wrong , i do n't think it 's right , but it 's the case
5	i think the biggest problem with the gacaca model is that it does n't emphasize reconcilliation enough similar " grassroot courts " from south africa ( which the gacaca was modeled after ) prioritized reconcilliation by imposing penalties on people who refused to admit and apologize for wrongdoing , but only gave a slap on the wrist to those that admitted their wrongdoing and apologized ( as far as i 've had it explained to me ) the one gacaca i witnessed had two gentlemen who were completely apathetic , laughing while being questioned , who were quite obviously guilty ( according to my translator ) , who got off because no one could prove they did anything conclusively the one young man who admitted his wrongdoing and profusely apologized ( not killing anyone , but being a part of the roadblocks as a young child , under <> years old ) was sentenced to multiple years in prison and another year of community service something wrong with that freakin system if you ask me
5	well , of course the holocuast " happened to europeans " as jews are also included in that group however , it 's inaccurate to say that we did n't intervene earlier because we did n't " care about europe or europeans " rather , we did n't care about jews , " homosexuals , communists , mentally and physically handicapped , the gypsies , the undesirables , the politically not in favour , etc " if the nazis tried to systematically kill everyone of french origin , or everyone in england , we would most likely have gotten involved much earlier because the targeted groups were people who we did n't care much about because of racism , ablism , and other forms of discrimination , we were much less willing to get involved
6	could you expand on why you do n't like it ?
7	i would also suggest romeo dallaire 's shake hands with the devil
4	thank you
7	i also recommend shake hands with the devil
2	no you are confused , you are describing <> event called wind of destruction ( http en wikipedia org wiki wind of destruction ) this is article about <> rwandan genocide
4	i thought this was a very good ones too beyond the gates ( http www imdb com title tt0420901 )
3	i was on the verge of tears watching ghosts of rwanda the carnage and destruction left in the wake of the genocide is unreal
1	that 's all very impersonal it 's not offensive to me ( i'm not a surburban white folk i guess ) but unless you 're incredibly distant and inhuman about the matter , genocide as a government response is just a little bit on the wrong side however much you might want to stretch a little ' justification ' the people being raped and slaughtered had as much influence on the state of affairs as you do on with your current government 's rullings i 'd imagine a lot of them did n't give a flying fuck of the differences between tutsi and hutu
4	good points , i presume when any western power bitches about a foreign country or crime committed by a regime there is usually a shittty smell coming from their spokespeople
2	my impression is that france was much more complicit in the genocide than the us
8	well i was being hyperbolic but oh my god that guy got <> downvotes if only that that happened every time a good discussion was to be derailed by a meme normally though the meme is the top rated i'm actually happy that reddit downvoted this dingdong but frequently , most of the thread and the top rated comments are canned phrases at least when i want it to be a serious original discussion i will check those subreddits out btw
2	i recommend that people watch the movie hotel rwanda it 's easy to brush these things off as " crazy shit that happens in other countries that does n't affect me " for the average idiot like myself , it really helps make these events more real
5	one thing that always shocks me is how people are so disconnected from the colonization of africa in terms of how recent it was no one seems to realize that most colonization did n't end until the <> 's and <> 's it was primarily europeans that were still actively oppressing these people that they " ruled " until just <> years ago if you meet an african of the age of <> or over , chances are they witnessed and participated in the ( long and painful ) end of colonization it 's as if most people just assume it happened over <> years ago and thus is irrelevant to present day status
8	spontaneousfiction , that was an excellent rendition of jean baptiste habyarimana 's last moments i like to imagine they went something like that to all who will read this , learning how families were tortured and butchered like this really makes my problems seem so petty by comparison it really makes one wonder how in the world we can stop such things from repeating and it makes me realize that one of the common threads linking this genocide to the others is deep division between groups of people if people treated each other as they wanted to be treated themselves , this horrific thing might be less common that 's my attempt to spread the way that i'm trying to live i'm not great at it but i keep at it hopefully , it 'll help with stuff like this
1	this is n't <> kindly fuck off
6	i like this novelty account it requires effort
4	it 's sad , man but applause for you you are good
8	because white people have never done anything horrible downvote for hateful x douchebaggery x ignorant interaction
2	i saw a documentary on this guy http en wikipedia org wiki general butt naked one of the rebel leaders in the civil war , interesting guy raped , beheaded , etc but the thing he admitted to that hit me the most ( if it was true ) was snatching up boys and girls and eating them with his rebel troops before war so it gave them power also he always fought naked admitted to killing thousands of people i do n't believe it all , but it sure is possible i find the thousands of people a big stretch , at least him himself killing thousands still , crazy shit
5	sometimes i really wish hell existed for people who do this kind of shit but again , i think the whole human kind is to blame
6	i knew it was a large massacre , but <> people killed in <> days ? ? holy shit
6	at risk of offending the righteous indignation of suburban white folks about the whole matter , tell me if i have this right the tutsi minority ran the country under the mamwi and generally did what most minorities in power tend to do oppress the majority this went on for a while with the usual uprisings and whatnot the tutsi regime struck up friendly relations with the colonials and kept things going the same for a while there was a coup , the tutsis got thrown out of power with some of the most influential ones going into exile the hutus set up a government the exiled tutsis come back to start some shit and take the place back the genocide is the hutus response is that about right ? if so , how is this in the least bit surprising ? i may be a bit squeamish when it comes to mass rape and machete killing , but it would seem that the hutus had something of a point
2	yeah let 's concentrate on past genocides and crimes while these are actually going on as we speak
8	maybe someone can make it into a rage comic
3	the movie was n't that great it reduced the event to a mediocre tv movie but the book we wish to inform you that tomorrow we will be killed with our families is pretty incredible
4	no doubt there were those who participated who were afraid not too especially given the extreme level of sheer violence unfortunately with large scope events this evil the aftermath is never cut and dry and the no system put in place to bring the perpetrators to justice is going to be perfect
2	kill their children and rape their wives , obviously
1	why not ? because they ' re motherfucking human beings , that ' s why because when someone treats you monstrously , you don ' t exponentially one up them what in the flying hell is wrong with you ?
8	while you may not be right on about the whole pc thing on this particular issue , there is a lot of truth to what you said here
1	fucking perfect
1	same here i needed a reason to stop reading rage comics anyway
4	lighten up , francis
6	<> hours of sunlight ? i thought rwanda was in central africa , not russia
2	so true it was criminal and he should have been held accountable by the world for it
1	the rwandan genocide , the act that i can always trace back as the catalyst for my transformation from staunch christian to atheist it s funny to think that the seed of doubt was first planted on a harmless missionary trip to rwanda and uganda the catch , it just happened to fall on the <> year anniversary of this horrible atrocity i still remember listening to the survivors stories and thinking what the fuck god one that always comes to mind is the one from a <> year old boy i first met him when he came down to play soccer with us ( it was a sports ministry ) but alas he couldn t , he could only sit and watch why ? his arms and legs were cut off by his father , why ? because his mom was a tutsi even as i m typing this i m fucking cutting onions that is just one of the many stories , so many more so many anyways i m sure this will be buried under other stories comments , but if you happen to stumble on this thanks for reading , just thought i would share
2	i could not agree more it is strange to me that we spend over a trillion dollars fighting in reaction to <> americans dying , and spend next to nothing on the systematic slaughtering of hundreds of thousands in countries like rwanda
2	" you would n't download an oprah , would you ? " shit , i probably would
8	that is simply not true the primary motivation behind the us' reluctance to aid rwanda was the black hawk down fiasco in somalia , which resulted in the death of a handful of us troops , that occurred not long before the rwandan genocide and after the ten belgian un blue helmets were murdered while guarding the acting prime minister , agathe uwilingiyimana , all the white people were evacuated , and the un pulled out it 's understood these days that the western powers were not willing to sacrifice their own troops to save the lives of black africans all the hand wringing in the world by western leaders , including president clinton , does not change the fact that we abandoned the rwandans , and knowingly left them to die
7	i registered just to upvote you for the immediate solemn respect your comment gave me
3	he mad
1	this is how you genocide reminds me of babi yar ( http en wikipedia org wiki babi yar ) in the holocaust the difficulties resulting from such a large scale action in particular concerning the seizure were overcome in kiev by requesting the jewish population through wall posters to move although only a participation of approximately <> , <> to <> , <> jews had been expected at first , more than <> , <> jews arrived who , until the very moment of their execution , still believed in their resettlement , thanks to an extremely clever organization these sick fucks learn the lessons of history and continue to refine their evil art
5	you 're missing the point as well there 's whole lot of barbaric things around the planet that you are blissfully unaware of some of those things involve decades of oppression , turmoil , and hatred to the point where genocide seems perfectly reasonable even suburbanites like yourself and captain caps above are n't all that far removed from tribal warfare
4	nice to know there 're are some other thinking folks around ) i think this even goes beyond regular idealism , i was waiting for someone to take a sort of ' non violence at all costs ' position i do n't agree with that position , but i do understand and respect it these folks , i think , are latching on to a sort of popular idealism that makes them feel civilized and therefore superior i'm sure if they ever spent any time amongst " the downtrodden " they claim to support they 'd be quite surprised at the reception they 'd likely get thanks btw
2	this has nothing to do with property i'm sort of insulted by your assertion and somewhat buoyed by peroperopero 's comments that the reasons are deeper and belie a quick soundbite that people are all so eager to give " it 's all about property rights " and " handovers " you ca n't distill it like that have you read the wikipedia article ? it 's one of the longest i 've ever read
4	good
3	i was recovering from serious injuries from an automobile collision when the rwandan genocide happened , and circumstances were such that i never knew about until <> years later , when i was doing a make up assignment in college in which i had to watch a frontline video on the genocide i watched the video in stunned silence , forcing myself to accept what i was seeing the most horrible thing to me about that event was not the one million humans that died , although that is indeed horrifying the most horrible thing about that event is that we , the usa , self proclaimed policemen of the world , had military troops there , in rwanda , when the genocide commenced , and we did nothing ! men and women were slaughtered and women were savagely raped a few feet from where us soldiers stood , yet following the direct orders of president bill clinton , we did nothing
2	while i do appreciate that these people are still being put on trial to this day , i do understand that there is no punishment grand enough that could ever balance out the horrors of the rwandan genocide nothing can ever be done to the perpetrators to alleviate all pain from the tutsis therefore , while we must still punish the war criminals , we must focus on an even more important task awareness everyone should know of the rwandan genocide , of the atrocities and inhumane acts an ounce of prevention is worth several tons of cure we can never right the wrongs of the genocide but we can make sure that nothing similar ever occurs again
1	if we get involved , everybody bitches about it if we do n't get involved everybody bitches about it
6	this is why we ca n't have nice civilizations
1	til there were a lot of massacres in <> ( http en wikipedia org wiki special search ? search <> massacres & go go )
5	too easy a sentence for this evil , unfortunately
5	" ghosts of rwanda " soul numbing , chilling stuff while looking down the swinging blade of pure evil especially the interview of fergal keane one of the things i hate most about this was president clintons lack of action in preventing this tragedy
6	also , i recommend the blue sweater i think this woman is actually written about in this book pre genocide she helps build microfinance institutions for her community and was the first of three women parliamentarians , if i'm not mistaken
5	three things bother me particularly about ' hotel rwanda ' during the whole movie you do n't actually see the genocide it 's always in the background , never in your face ' sometimes in april ' shoves it right through your throat and recollects all the stories that the survivors told me ( the militias , the dogs , the un , the checkpoints , the radio , the coward white men ) you do n't make the first movie on the rwandese genocide telling the story of ' the good hutu ' imagine if the first movie on the holocaust would have been ' schindler 's list ' no , first you tell the horror and why it came to be , then you can tell the stories of the few heroes such as paul rusesabagina , dallaire or of the few white priests who saved lives the big picture is simply missing in hotel rwanda it was not shot on location having been in rwanda , it is something that matters , because as dallaire said , rwanda is paradise all year btwn <> c and <> c , the rain never lasts long , <> hours of sunlight every day and everything just grows the fertile ground is at some locations <> metres deep ( ! ! ! ) it was hell in paradise
6	i think it really comes down to someone 's opinion on morality and human worth should we help where we can ? personally , i do not feel that americans are worth any more than someone in another country if we had these sort of atrocities in america , we would act with other countries , we do not why is that ? are they worth less ? can we not afford to ? i do n't believe there is an easy way to draw a line of where when we should act with regards to how much we spend , help , etc that said , i would love to see somebody justify why we should be in iraq but not have helped out in rwanda our priorities , they are messed up
4	you have a point , but the us get involved with wars more often than other countries , it 's not an undeserved reputation
2	particularly considering it was european colonial involvement that did a lot to instigate and perpetuate the racial divide and classism between the hutus and the tutsis if i'm recalling correctly , all colonial powers in rwanda for the past <> years played some pretty apparent favoritism with the tutsi people , creating social tension that eventually lead to explosive conflict
2	i think america catches more of the flak because it has a history of entering other nations during these situations ( korea , vietnam , iraq ) china 's never really had an interventionist policy so it was n't expected of them
6	i think the double standard that is being criticised is that the us is more than willing to get involved if there is monetary interrest ( iraq , libya etc ) but not so much when it 's sudan or rwanda denmark tends to stay out of most conflicts ( though they are in iraq for some reason ) so them staying out of rwanda is not something surprising atleast there isnt as much of a double standard involved
1	yupp the belgians actually came down with the peace delegation but were pulled home when <> or so belgian soldiers were killed when the french finally arrived on the scene it was more to secure french interrests in the area than to help stop the madness
1	how clear do i have to make this ? it 's not a fucking excuse it 's a reason understanding why these things happen is far more important than your bourgeois sensibilities
8	here 's a thought say it 's not an excuse it 's a reason in your first post instead of cleverly alluding bourgeoisie indeed
2	okay , again , how does the fact that it happens over and over make it an excuse for genocide because something happens it is right ? oh it 's " human nature " though hundreds millions of people managed to live their entire lives without murdering another person , let alone hunting down entire hundreds of thousands ? i really do n't understand the point you 're trying to make as relates to the original statements " this is n't an excuse for genocide " " why not " " because they 're human " next follows " you do n't know history " and " there are a lot of bad things you do n't know about people get angry and they think genocide is reasonable " the original question is how is that an excuse how is people getting angry an excuse for genocide ?
6	considering the username you chose to do it with , i'm not sure how i feel about that p thanks ? p
2	'' hutu soldiers took my mother outside , '' rose told me , ' 's tripped off her clothes and raped her with a machete '' on that first day , <> family members were slaughtered before her eyes
1	wow , could n't make it past the first page of that article fucked up
1	this is ludicrous ! ! ! only men are capable of harming women ! ! ! ( trollface jpg )
1	he should be executed it must be the dumbass un encouraging such inappropriate sentencing
6	bbc east africa correspondent will ross says nyiramasuhuko showed no emotion as she was sentenced why would she ? she 's being sentenced outside of her home country by people who had nothing to do with it why should she care that they disapprove ?
2	say what now ? you 're displaying a lot of ignorance there <> i hope you 're not assuming that you could recognise all the jews based on their dark hair and hooked noses ? it just ai n't so <> you are obviously assuming without even looking into it , that black people anywhere will just look the same and even that they would n't have different types of name ? come on
1	" butare was once home to a large mix of hutu and tutsi people , and there was some resistance there to the orders to carry out the massacres the government of which nyiramasuhuko was a member dismissed the most senior district official a man who opposed the genocide he was never seen again when he was replaced , the massacres began and militias were flown in from the rwandan capital kigali to assist " unnamed senior district official you did the right thing , and you paid the price for your uncommon courage and i do not even know your name fuck everything about this
1	i once saw an interview with a hutu who was married to a tutsi woman when the mob came to their house to kill her , he had to pay them so they would shoot her instead of carving her up with a machete they then proceeded to kill her in front of his eyes whenever i feel rage start to build up over a firstworldproblem , i think about that guy
1	i remember learning about this in my genocide class a couple semesters before here at auburn university i was then shocked to find out that one of these guys lives here in the united states in the auburn opelika area in alabama of all places read some of the comments about it , and people seem to downplay the belgium involvement in this whole mess and not to jump on the " white people are evil " bandwagon , but africa was pretty much carved up by european forces , and despite having their own internal problems with each other , european and arabic forces further crippled the continent by the raping of africa 's natural resources is the reason why africa is in the position it is today sure they had things like slavery before the europeans came down , but there were some forms of slavery that not only provided freedom eventually for the enslaved but also allowed them to marry into the families of their masters and have some respect and when people say european or whites are the cause of all this , i do n't think it should be taken as all but the rich ones capable of manipulating the rest into going in a direction that they want to go if you want to see evidence of that in today 's world take a look at the united states government
5	truth i thought i wrote in there " sorry for hijacking a thread but this reminded me of " but apparently in my head i did
2	the drc is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman , with rapes and killings occurring regularly , and the conflict there has caused more deaths than occurred during wwii since wwii from your link the international rescue committee ( irc ) estimates that <> <> million people have died from war related causes since the conflict in congo began in <> , making it the world 's most lethal conflict since world war ii wwii was upwards of <> million http en wikipedia org wiki world war ii casualties
1	africa is a seriously fucked up continent
1	i do n't disagree with your argument there at all the colonizing countries arbitrarily drew national boundaries , installed puppet governorships and generally exploited the native populations to their benefit there was nothing ' free ' about the colonists ' regimes at all their lip service to property ownership was only to enrich privateering corporations whose charge was to gut the continent of its natural resources indeed , the 're turn ' of sovereignty to africans over the last century exacerbated the problem by handing over the reigns to favorite political parties leaders who ended up being genocidal , dictatorial maniacs you 're precisely in the right in your charge that the colonizing countries aided and abetted in this process the solution is figuring out how to redraw national boundaries respecting historical tribal nations and letting them do what they please hence sovereignty what i am arguing , and where i think we differ , is that we have a different interpretation on what private property actually is and looks like in a peaceful democracy , and whether it promotes civil life and reduces inter cultural conflict edit grammar and syntax
5	perhaps your students should look closer at home and ask why black on black crime is so high and kill each other while other communities are n't as self destructive i have a hard time accepting the white man being the blame for all black violence in the world
1	harsh i deplore ignorance as much as i am guilty of it but the average person has little reason to care and less power to do anything about it it 's terrible , but it 's true (
8	i think it 's less that people do n't care about the situation and more that they do n't know about it if u s networks had reported the details of the genocide like they do the lives of celebrities , i imagine that many people would have been up in arms
2	the major distinction between precolonial and colonial slave systems was their approach to the value of a slave colonialism and the advent of capitalism are symbiotic prior , slaves themselves were of value after , it was their labour output imagine the difference on the quality of life
4	gee thanks i do n't think anybody else has ever seen hotel rwanda
6	wow , that reference is old
1	i wish reddit found this as interesting as rage comics
2	yeah , a discussion about a man who tried to stand up to the rwandan genocide probably is n't the best time to reference a lame meme
3	great but incredibly horrifying article the more succinct news stories about the guilty verdict just do n't convey the gravity of it
4	that 's rather alarmist
2	maybe from now on we should just get updates on days when there are n't mass rapes in the congo
1	ah , africa ! so majestic , so beautiful so fucked up
3	what is wrong with people ? this breaks my heart where is the un ? where is help for these and so many other people ?
3	maybe we should just mass ship to these women the sort of one shot wonders we supplied the french maquis with in ww2 and see how rapists rape with a sucking chest wound
1	and america is n't invading like they did in libya , why , no oil ! fuck american imperialism !
6	why is this news ? this is a daily thing in many african countries no one will ever be able to do anything about it
4	lol ( http www youtube com watch ? v yehshblunec )
5	a sad , ugly world we live in , huh ?
8	rebels need love too
5	i weep for africa , but kind of assume we 'll be in the same place in the next twenty years , or so
5	hell yeah this is what i 've been saying too ! when there are so many atrocities in the world that have been going on for so long , it is hella deceptive and self serving for us to claim moral superiority by attaching some kind of ethical imperative to our invasion of libya
6	who is we ? and what would cause it ?
2	we all know that it matters little which political party is in charge the real powers still advance their agenda but it is convenient to defuse the anger of the masses by letting them think they each are having a turn perhaps they are openly implementing right wing policies whilst under the banner of left because they know that the greater majority of people are too ill informed or addled by light entertainment to know or care about what they are doing ?
2	i hate when submitted articles are behind paywalls
4	pay to read more no thankyou does this even work in this day and age
2	it 's a bluff they do n't actually have that capacity
4	that 's a cute threat and all , but they do n't have any excess capacity to flood out iran if they had excess capacity we would n't be tapping into strategic reserves right now
1	how is possible that you 're all so retarded that you have n't figured out you can google the title ( http lmgtfy com ? q saudi suggests <> <> iran over nuclear ambitions ) and click on the first link ? why on every fucking wsj do derpers gotta derp ?
6	does this even work in this day and age err yes ? the wsj typically has very high quality articles quality is worth paying for and even if you do n't understand that point , they have many thousands of subscribers
8	it is not about having markets to sell to , it is about dropping the bottom out of the price of oil iran is pretty financially strapped and the only thing keeping things calm at home for them is the price of oil being so high lately if oil prices fall deeply , iran will have to cut many services domestically which will erode support for the government from a population that is barely supporting it now
4	that link does n't work for me , i get the same two and a half sentences do n't get me wrong , thanks for taking the time to offer it , i just think that wsj links should be in their own subreddit , and i'm using your comment as a place to rant i 've deleted my cookies , cleared my cache , used a different browser , switched ip 's , and searched for the headline on google i 've done this in other threads were people claim they have a working link , as well maybe the wsj have my computer fingerprinted as an undesirable the only option working option i can think of is for someone to copy paste the article into the thread , but i guess the wsj would get choked if someone fixed their broken piece of the internet for them in such a way
6	i'm certainly no expert but do you really think saudi is pumping at full capacity now ? i ask because i do n't know , and appreciate informed opinion , which i am not
2	bullshit al qaeda <> is still allah may they continue to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat the u s
1	yeah , that 's exactly what a terrorist organization needs more of , more religious influence
2	oh c ' mon who writes this garbage ? seriously ap can you tone down the propaganda just a little so he wants to repair rebrand al qaida the most recognised <> arabic words in the world because they are killing too many muslims ? ! ? what , and the us israeli alliance is n't ? ! ? who do they expect will swallow this bullshit !
4	because you 're essentially saying that if i have a problem with some feature of islam , i must have a problem with all of it no that 's not what i ment , but you fail you to understand that <> verse <> subject , nor the subject is limited by that verse take adultery for example ( reddit 's favourite ! ) , there are limited verses in quran talking about it , not all quran talks about adultery those verses set the definition the meaning the conditions for punishment and the punishment etc , those verses are not in one page or sequential add to that hadiths that talk about adultery , they must be taken as explaination of quran so if you want to discuss the topic of adultery in islam , you must bring the subject as whole with all the related verses and hadiths that does n't mean brining all quran and islam 's message about monotheism , doing good , after , prophets and angels into the discussion here is a poor example when you debate a certain law ( x ) in the united states , you should bring up the consititutional ammendment above that law ( the one that made it possible ) , and sub laws ( or court cases ) that emerged from the law in question ( the little x 's ) , bring all those to the discussion to make it revleant that does n't mean you bring up all united states laws and consitution ammendments ( all the a to z 's )
2	most religious texts are sexist they were fabricated in earlier times , where women were not even considered people as to ahmed 's point , he 's saying that whatever point op was making is irrelevant since it is because it places a stereotypes on all muslims based on what their scriptures say that all muslims do n't value gender equality which is not the case , case in point the article
4	thank you for your contribution to reddit , you have helped advance the human race
4	<> 's sitcoms ? that i would like to see
4	not the west , just assholes like yourself
6	what man believes at one time or another has no bearing on the truth
2	she might be right if the religion were based on " whatever you can find that you like most " instead , it 's run on a " whatever was written decreed last is actually the real religion , and anything before that was written by satan " system
6	what ! ? muslims denying basic human rights based on gender ! ? this article is clearly racist propaganda by the west !
1	when a group of people rely on a <> year old text to define human rights , they are fucked right from the get go
4	islam gives dignity to women just ask muhammed how he dignified his nine year old wife bow chika bow wow
4	and you do n't seem to realize that islam is not like protestant christianity , where only things in the main holy text ( bible koran ) are considered part of the belief system
4	culture and religion are one and the same muslims say islam is a ' way of life ' for them a ' way of life ' sounds like culture to me
5	i'm not going to discuss if the qur ' an is man made or not , because this is n't the topic but , sadly , it is not true that all of us believe humans are created equal how many years were black people enslaved in america for example ? when did they have the right to go to the same restaurant as the rest of americans ?
6	so most muslims have a shitty primitive culture unconnected to their common primitive shitty religion ? what bad luck
6	no , that 's illogical it 's similar to taking things out of context not at all the context you provided does n't make the quotations i provided sound better or different the meaning of those four qur ' an verses is the same and sounds equally as shitty , before you added your blurb , and after if a verse depends on another verse or another hadith for explaining , conditions and circumstances , then you must bring all those together no , i must not because you 're essentially saying that if i have a problem with some feature of islam , i must have a problem with all of it i reject that idea i lestin to american political news and i cheer for conservatives i'm not surprised but that man ( rush limbough ) is an idiot for his out of context bashing he 's an idiot for many reasons , and out of context bashing is the least of his sins
4	very good ) thank you , and yes , everything you explained here i 've already known i know how muslims understand and approach these issues nothing you say here has been a revelation or an eye opener for me i 'll upvote you because i want more people to see the true islamic point of view before making decisions about islamic doctrine and its relevance to this or that event in the world finally , you ca n't just take one verse and come bashing islam on reddit without knowing the <> verses and hadiths that the set the rules and conditions for that verse yes i can and i will i do n't necessarily have a problem with every single feature of islam i'm going to bring up those features which cause me the most grief
4	thank you very much for this
4	i ment empty line , like paragraph sperator like above , but without the dot
4	it 's like a combination of canon law ( http en wikipedia org wiki canon law ) and common law ( http en wikipedia org wiki common law )
1	ummm , looks like i am missing something here who is trying to convert you to islam ? apart from the fact that your citation is completely irrelevant to my comment on the previous asshole , i do not see anyone trying to convince you about islam a fact that simply means that what you think is completely irrelevant , plus it is so stupid of you thinking you could " embarrass " me with an out of place citation one last thing , even though i have not met you or even talked to you , you seem to be one of those know it all freaks who troll religious people for fun so just fuck yourself , or find another asshole to do it for you in case you are dickless , which most probably you are
4	by the way , does anyone know the code for adding new line ? do you mean like this ? ? if that 's what you mean , then end your line with a double space
2	a dangerous message now being sent by the international community courtesy of israel , greece , and the united states " peaceful protests of israel will not be tolerated , even when that protest includes sending humanitarian aid to a country that is n't israel , but merely borders it " so what now ? shall the palestinians in gaza commit mass suicide to satisfy the needs of the international community ? a self inflicted genocide ? or would that be perceived to be an attack on israel as well ? i am utterly disgusted
4	until now we were supportive of the palestinians and , although unofficially , we were sending aid , allowed the flotilla to use our ports and there were greeks participating i suppose that since in the last incident turkey israel diplomatic relationships took a hit , either the greek or israeli diplomats started cooperating iirc yesterday netanyahu called the greek pm a " good friend "
4	breaking laws non peaceful it 's called civil disobedience unarmed non violent actions like the flotilla can certainly be considered peaceful
6	what does docking in egypt have to do with any of this ?
3	sending food to starving people is not inconsistent with " peaceful protest " nor is it inconsistent with " non violent " protests you 've heard the term " civil disobedience ? " by your logic , rosa parks was committing a violent protest by insisting to sit at the front of the bus because the " law " restricted her from doing it this is a cop out it 's an excuse by israel ( as it was by southern racists ) to play victim and decry those on the flotilla mission as terrorists
1	nobody in gaza is starving seriously people in gaza are wealthier , healthier , and better fed than most people in the non oil arab states their life is n't awesome , for sure the serious travel restrictions and the attacks brought upon them by hamas islamic jihad provocations are awful but they 're not starving , and people in cairo and damascus are the " human rights " crowd has their priorities way fucked up as for the flotilla if they 're just delivering food , why would n't they just agree to let israel inspect it first ?
4	many agree that if a family , couple or young woman are not in a position to have a child for financial reasons then abortion is a responsible choice the financial aspect is one of the main reasons female fetuses are aborted in developing countries i by no means consider it a good thing with the skewed male female ratio , but at the same time i have to say it seems a bit hypocritical to point the finger at one but not the other , because the basic reason for getting the abortion is the same
6	regardless of what you point your finger at , i find the long term effects of this problem to be very interesting and troubling buying or poaching women from neighboring countries , purchasing u s bonds to cash in for a bride later ( uh oh ) , and increased violence among a bunch of sexually frustrated men on an only slightly related note , n korea was never mentioned in this article but i would n't be surprised if women became a major export of theirs to china given their terrible economic situation
2	i'm from germany and this is just bullshit germany gave up the d mark for the euro and is the strongest supporter of the whole one europe idea but it does not work if germany pays for all the mistakes and mismanagement of some eu members so what 's the solution , pay until the whole eu goes down or find ways to reorganize the " bad apples " ?
2	yep , every time that the germans act in their own interests , or try to prevent others from ripping them off , they are nazis you heard it here first
2	this is such a hilariously retarded conspiracy theory , it should reach reddit 's top spot in no time with the first <> comments defending it feverishly and calling every one that disagrees a nazi , of course
2	i agree , this article is bullshit the cover of der spiegel is , as all magazines do , an exaggeration of a topic the arcticle is written very subjective and gives very few actual sources , except its own interpretation of the article in der spiegel the fact is that the germans wanted to put an end to the nightmare of countries that are unable to help them along their imperial path wow just wow care to explain , were that " fact " is coming from ? the end of the article is almost hate mongering against germany
2	it would be really weird if the us ends up on the vietnamese side in a sino vietnam war when china invaded vietnam in <> they had at least tacit support from the us which was still seething over the vietnam war
1	hey , if the title said " palestinian protests " , we 'd have hundreds of comments in the spirit of " fuck israel " why is nobody enraged about syria massacring its civilians ?
7	i hope the jury that found him not guilty can sleep at night btw when a link shows random facebook posts , you really get a look into the wacky world of humanity
1	i fucking knew he did it
2	yeah , we all knew he did it , but the news here is that he finally admitted to it what bothers me , though , is that he 's probably going to make money out of his admission by appearing on shows and selling the story
2	we 're all innocent in here , did n't you know that ?
2	so the cops framed a guilty man ?
8	to be fair , this article says he claims he stabbed her in self defense which is n't exactly him admitting to murder
8	american justice
1	clearly the poor guy is being framed again why ca n't he just get some justice ?
6	simpson confessed to a producer for oprah winfrey , and he will reportedly repeat the confession to winfrey during a televised interview he 's probably going to make money out of it
4	he must need money for commissary i hear top ramen is getting pretty expensive in the joint
3	he did promise he 'd find the killer nailed it
6	self defense ? then why did he kill goldman ?
2	simpson claimed he stabbed nicole in self defense cue scumbag meme confess to crime keep lying about it
1	simpson claimed he stabbed nicole in self defense fuck that shit her head was almost decapitated ! if you 've ever seen the pictures or read the description of the scene , it was a vicious murder
5	i'm sorry , did i miss something ? i thought oprah retired and the show went off the air ? was n't that what all the hoopla was about , a month or so ago ? there was a great deal of it , the hoopla
8	he 'll have a hard time keeping the money he makes he still owes the goldman family for the wrongful death lawsuit as well as any monetary penalty he received for this robbery
3	the jury was sequestered and not allowed to see the same evidence we saw the prosecution did a horrible job
4	yea , right like there was ever any doubt
6	i hope the jury that found him not guilty can sleep at night why should n't they the prosecution failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt
4	i feel like this joke is being totally misapplied the joke is n't some tenuous connection with absurdity , it has rules for funerals to kill you in russia , it would have to be assumed that you kill funerals in america that does n't make sense a good example of this joke would be " in soviet russia , television watches you ! " seeing as how people watch television quite frequently in america , and soviet russia 's notorious kgb was apt to spy on their own people , the joke is not only correct in usage , but also in observation try to keep that in mind next time
1	she might not be dead yet if she wakes up again , i would declare her as a fucking zombie
4	of course china will they 're swimming in cash thanks to their manipulation of the yuan and europe is a major market for them they 're also playing a long term game they 're not hamstrung by short term election cycles and think <> , <> , or <> years down the road economic and political opportunities are being bought on the cheap they 're investing in africa for this reason , too they 're locking in land and resource deals now , while it 's cheap our governments ? not so forward thinking
2	well , china has no qualms about claiming vietnamese and philippine islands as its own , so why would they feel any different about he national song of korea ? one wonders if china plans for its neighbors to end up in a greater east asia co prosperity sphere ( http en wikipedia org wiki greater east asia co prosperity sphere ) ?
4	china would squash us forces in the region those carriers would become beautiful artificial reefs for divers to explore it 's time to let go , the west can still practice imperialism in the middle east and africa , but east asia is fast becoming a no go zone this is good for the <> <> billion people in the region , <> <> billion of which are chinese
6	what will happen if the euro collapses ? , countries will go back to their pre euro currency ?
3	worrying that they do n't know this already
1	mswati iii can do what he wants and i doubt any article is going to change that true story he once wanted to ' buy ' my mother who was already married to my father for three cows when we lived there for three years fucking swahili polygamists !
6	in swaziland , where coca cola contributes over <> per cent of the country s gross domestic product that 's just crazy !
2	utter bullshit and fear mongering
4	i would n't discount this completely israel , only a couple of days ago was insisting they wanted armed agents in all european airports i do n't particularly like israel , but you ca n't spit anywhere in the world without the mossad knowing about it whether it 's gaddafi or some other threat , my bet is that something is brewing in europe
4	it almost seems like his top advisers are cia agents how convenient that after the us starts to show signs of disinterest in continuing this campaign , he threatens to take the war outside of libya 's borders he has had a long time to make threats like this , why now ?
4	sounds like a great set up for a false flag attack
4	yeah , this was a good idea
6	just a thought what if he has allies that we do n't know of yet ?
4	more like our planes wo n't even make it across scotland
3	maybe that were only rummors , but it has been said he supplied explosives to terrorists ( ira ) and he also bombed a plane nato is probably too afraid to let him survive that conflict and they are anxious for an excuse ( like an act of war ) to roll in the tanks
1	" fuck it ! we 're taking greenland ! "
3	gaddafi really is a terrorist ( http en wikipedia org wiki pan am flight <> ) and a brutally oppressive dictator the " powers that be " do n't need to set him up as anything what made bin laden an effective boogeyman is that nobody knew where he was or what he was up to gaddafi is nothing like that
6	what kind of crack are you smoking ?
4	happy birthday !
6	what do you call a person who 's a member of the armed forces ? i call them a soldier i , as well as many other people , refer to multiple soldiers as " troops " what do you call it when a soldier has his feet on terra firma ? i call that a troop on the ground what do you call it when you have multiple troops with their feet on solid ground within the borders libya ? troops on the ground in libya does n't matter if war were declared or not technicalities only count in sports and politics everything else needs to depend on that pesky thing called " the real world "
4	it was not immediately clear whether gaddafi could make good on such threats haha
1	he will strike at us like bees ! ! ! holy fuck , i hate bees !
8	hey , you 're the one who thinks the cold war should have heated up over a completely legal loophole and you ca n't seem to get the difference between a military adviser and active combatant in terms of the rules of war hippy reddit folk who run around and ca n't comprehend the rules of war should only speak when spoken to to put it in really simple terms , military advisers are not recognized as active combatants in war and their legality in terms of combat is that of an adviser as long as they do n't take up arms against the enemy they might as well be considered accountants and taxidermists i pity the soul that has to explain to you what the rules of engagement are for soldiers that are part of a nation 's army and people for private military companies
4	you did not , my bad i see one big problem with " push the tanks in and it would be over in a week " i assume u meant , right from the start if not , ignore what im about to write if the nato pushed for an armed intervention ( with troops , tanks and so on ) do you think the majority of the arabian ( muslim ) people would think of it as " help " ? there is a real risk that the extremists would use it as just another reason to rally the people against the western countrys , getting more and more to join their ranks dont get me wrong , i 'd like to see the nato to help lybia , but ( and thats a big but ) i would want them to help syria , bahrain , somalia too and the list goes on and on
5	yeah butthurt much and dont forget saddam had nukes too
5	i was just comparing the " jews america zionism did <> <> and ovaltine flu shots is way for america " comment with even more silly story of saddam having nuclear weapons gadaffi ? did i say anything about gadaffi having nukes ? your just being a nigger your shitt comments are not worth being on dramtic fanatic whtaever
4	gadaffi has never had nukes , nor has he ever had nukes , in fact he allowed in inspectors to destroy his wmd 's and there were no nukes reported ( http www armscontrol org act <> <> libya ) but thank you for donating material to encyclopedia dramatica and making redditors look sillier in general remember , never let fact , spamming silliness and butthurt ever get in the way of making you look like a twat
4	if the nato pushed for an armed intervention ( with troops , tanks and so on ) do you think the majority of the arabian ( muslim ) people would think of it as " help " ? it matters what libyans would think , not what other arabs would and judging by what i 've seen on al jazeera they were pretty happy the planes saved them in benghazi occupation like that in iraq would n't please them , but a contingent of tanks could probably push the stalemate and end very costly air operations they need to do another <> iraq , rebel infantry can do the rest there is a real risk that the extremists would use it as just another reason to rally the people against the western countrys , getting more and more to join their ranks you 're completely right , a big worry is that they would create another iraq or afghanistan another is probably deaths of nato soldiers which carry bigger political implications than deaths of other people , also demonstrated in iraq and afghanistan foreign occupation gives legitimacy to local opportunist resistance leaders that otherwise would n't get podium to rally their countrymen limited intervention would probably be welcomed by libyans and would not lead to civil war as their culture is different than that of afghanistan or iraq because they are , like tunisians , less religious or radicalized , however like you said you can never be sure that someone would not grab an opportunity to radicalize the population under foreign occupation i would want them to help syria , bahrain , somalia too and the list goes on and on right
3	i read that gaddafi has fallen out of favor of some terrorist groups because he tried cracking down on them within the last decade to strengthen relations with the west
4	exactly its not like he has n't done it before
4	beats me , it 's not like he 's becoming increasingly desperate or anything
3	aside from a terrorist campaign he does n't have the means to make nato pay for anything
3	you guys are being naive here gaddafi can sponsor terrorist groups
3	i did n't get the impressions it was a direct threat more of a " your actions will create future terrorists who will seek revenge " he said something about attacks on offices etc would be justified because they 've suffered similar attacks
1	i'm sorry , but you 're a fucking idiot
4	well like i said earlier , if we are going to use your standards of having troops on the ground ( non direct participants who advise in combat ) then we would all be nuclear dust from the soviets retaliating against us in the <> 's or the united states retaliating in the <> 's and <> 's when the soviets advised the koreans and vietnamese luckily since the rest of the world does n't go by your standards , having advisors is not internationally known as having " troops on the ground " they become troops on the ground when the advisors actively and consistently participate in combat in this case the political technicality becomes a part of the real world
4	oh thissssss type of thread jews america zionism did <> <> and ovaltine flu shots is way for america to control minds , alluh ackbar ! edit to be fair and to give this thread one last wink a a nod of seriousness before i consider this thread encyclopedia dramatica fodder ( http encyclopediadramatica ch reddit arab apologists ) i highly doubt that the u s special forces are based in mali ( http www bbc co uk news world <> ) other edit i know it sounds like i'm being mean man but i seriously ca n't get your english , the wording sounds like it was done by the people who spam out ukranian porn
4	this may be highly inappropriate comparison , but did anyone else think of the " broken " a i in games like civiii where the utterly outmatched and out gunned nation makes bold demands and threatens to strike full force in a most unrealistic way ? turns out reality is unrealistic
4	" gaddafi spoke from an unknown location in a likely sign of concern over his safety " yea thats pretty likely
4	sounds like qaddafi 's been watching oprah ( http i imgur com l4shc gif )
3	i really doubt he has a lot to spare when he is fighting a civil war anything is possible , but how likely is it ? sounds like unnecessary fear to me
6	" to drop the case against all <> anti tax avoidance campaigners " what the hell is " anti tax avoidance ' ? it 's either tax avoidance or tax support
4	so <> people went into a store , caused a ruckus , and would not leave i do n't really care if they get prosecuted or not i do n't hold any particular love for fortnam and mason ( though their tea is good ) , but it seems like they did something illegal if i went into any other store and started yelling , and refused to leave , then i would be arrested it does n't really matter what i was yelling , maybe the store was doing something wholly illegal it does n't matter , it 's still not legal to go into a store and yell you ca n't protest against a private company on their own property you can only choose not to go there or buy their products
2	so does this mean you think it 's related to racism , violence , and succeeding from the north ? honestly , i'm originally from ohio , moved to texas , and it would be cool to have a confederate flag license plate at this point it 's more of a homage to the past than directly related to the war no one bitches about the confederate flag on the general lee , why would a tiny one on a license plate matter ?
6	those who equate the " confederate " flag ( not actually the official flag of the confederacy ) with racism are displaying their ignorance of history and or their propagandizing of the modern system the civil war was first and foremost about state 's rights if slavery was the prime or sole mover in the war , why did some slave states not ever secede ? why did others in the northern confederacy only secede after the north attacked the south ? finally , mr shelton displays an appalling lack of historical knowledge when he declaims that the confederacy wanted to destroy the current governmental structure the united states federal government was formed by individual states who agreed that it was in their best interests to work together they voluntarily banded together later the southern states felt that it was no longer in their best interests and chose to voluntarily leave the association at that point it ceased to be voluntary and the us government turned into the world 's biggest gang once in , never out history it only works if you know it both the poster and mr shelton are displaying their ignorance to better understand what happened and how we should react to it , look not to the civil war but the negotiations over the formation of the consitution and the fight to get it ratified
6	what does cyber warfare have to do with a game about shooting stuff ?
4	yeah , the united states has something like that too it 's called america 's army <> or at least that 's what this chinese game sounds a lot like
8	campaigners fear the existing post mubarak transition programme which would see september 's ballot held under an amended version of egypt 's existing constitution and then allow members of parliament to oversee the writing of a new constitution may cede permanent power to the muslim brotherhood and other religious groups , who are expected to dominate the pol " i'm not expecting an outright brotherhood victory or the creation of some kind of iranian theocratic state , but clearly if the new parliament does not have adequate representation from the movements that played such a key part in sparking the revolution then that 's a cause for concern " this is worrying i agree that the last sentence might have some truth to it , but you ca n't simply dismiss it as a distraction , certainly not until the egyptians have gone to the polling booths you have to be mindful of coalitions and coalition agreements in the uk , the libdems , the third largest party are now in government with the tories this might occur in egyptian politics i'm not claiming it 's going to be like the taliban , but just that it 's not quite the future everyone was hoping for the truth is neither of us know for sure if the concerns are founded until they 've gone to the polls
1	of course it matters human rights and just treatment of people should be important to us
2	it 's because the " islamists " are backed by the west just like during the iranian revolution , the u s is dying to put a dictator into place that 'll quell any popular resentment of multinational corporations who will come in and strip all the natural resources from the country you know how " political scientists " have all that theory about " democracy " and how this is the " nth wave of democracy " in the middle east ? that 's all propaganda it 's a platform for major european nations and america to export their brand of exploitation to countries they want to take the resources from the same thing is happening in libya , except in reverse the u s did n't like gaddafi , so they took whatever popular resentment they could dig up against him and tried to convert it into a coup d ' etat against his government they lifted the sanctions for oil trading so that the revolutionaries could get rich , sent arms over there , and then bam , the revolutionaries set up a central bank , and already had a u s style mcgovernment in place you still following me there , fukuyama ?
6	i totally see your point , especially from this part of the article but the important part is the use of the words " may cede " , especially when the mb themselves say the brotherhood 's new political vehicle , the freedom and justice party , has vowed not to contest more than <> of parliamentary seats and will not run a candidate for president in an effort to assuage concerns at home and abroad over a potential islamist takeover of the state i guess i tend to agree with wael ghonim " this is a waste of time , " tweeted the pro change campaigner and former google executive wael ghonim , who argued that the constitution debate had descended into an ideological point scoring contest in which neither side was willing to back down if the left was serious about this , they would have started to write a constitution already , right now it 's a lot of people trying to get a piece of the cake while their country is still under military rule !
4	yes it is how much more proof could you possibly ask for ? you have two polls one of them says egypt hates the idea of islamist government , the other one says it loves it the second poll comes from an organization founded by the heirs to one of the largest oil companies on the planet egypt has received <> billion dollars in u s military " aid " ( http www reuters com article <> <> <> us egypt usa aid idustre70s0in20110129 ) while mubarak was dictator , for the last <> years or do you just think all those brown skinned people are savages ? is that your theory ?
1	poll rigging has been going wild for the last few months support for obama has disappeared , support for ron paul is what replaced it the media is dying to cover up this fact literally , dying fox news cannot survive in a free society , nor can msnbc or cnn
6	all i said was that every country should be concerned about human rights and the treatment of people in other countries i did n't say anything about the u s wars why are you conflating the two issues ?
8	yes , when we are talking about egypt , lets bring in the u s war in other nations other than egypt he never said the u s was right , just that egypt is n't exactly a hide out for reasonable non religious people he never said he agreed with our wars nor that they are just or humane stay on topic asshats
7	i sort of agree with one sentence and disagree , strongly , with the next throughout your post , that is i ca n't decide whether to upvote or to downvote ( r firstworldproblems )
7	i hope not i hope the radical right does n't exploit the religious to keep power in their hands by framing the debate of fair representative democracy , that 's been so hard fought for by progressives , to one of gaining power over the masses by claiming moral superiority i hope they " do n't get fooled again " no , no
5	how can you hijack protests ? by winning democratic elections ?
2	exactly , and that was my point , if you read the article carefully you 'll know that the mb has not chance to take over egypt , they will be part of a government just not the majority the mb is used as a distraction from the current military control of the economy
2	you 're right , " terrorism " has replaced " communism " as the constantly changing , deathly horrible enemy that we supposedly need to raise taxes to defend ourselves against but in reality nothing has changed in the system itself in fact the military spending is still growing , despite the global call for peace that ended the cold war i actually have huge reservations about fukuyama the end of history is free market cryptoanarchy , not representative democracy what we call " democracy " is only a path towards the utter destruction of mankind growing income material inequality , militarization of the government against populations , suppression of all dissent , disease for profit , you name it when you give a group of representatives the power to reshape an economy , they will find people to sell the economy to if the people in charge oppose auctioning off the economy , and can be killed in secret , they will be , and always have been above all the bullshit " left right " " communism fascism " theories in political science , that 's the real truth the u s government absolutely wants an " islamist " state in egypt not only does it keep the myth about " primitive muslims " in the public consciousness , it allows the resources to keep flowing , as soon as they find some greedy people to take the reins that 's why the military retained control after mubarak resigned
2	arab spring leaves egypt in an economic slump tourism has dropped , wow i wonder why could it have anything to do with the secret police ( http the classic liberal com hosni mubarak agents provocateur ) mubarak sent around to terrorize his population ? egypt 's political transformation moves slowly because the military is trying to choke the shit out of the country , mubarak stepped down but nobody else in his administration did why do n't you take your head out of the u s media septic tank ( npr is better than msnbc , cnn , and fox , but not that much ) for five minutes , go back to the top of this thread , and read what " petstorehero " wrote ? i just got back from visiting my family in cairo they were shocked when i talked about how american media portrays a " well now what do we do " feeling about what was going on over there on every corner my father was talking about the new shops that had gone up and the growing economy maadi especially , but places like attamayah also and how still <> months after the revolution there is a surging sense of civic pride new shops going up think about america what is the thing that 's always stopping new stores from opening ? zoning laws , health permits , liquor licenses , taxes on businesses the government maybe in some places if you 're unlucky , the police will just come to you and tell you they 're going to shut you down without a bribe who 's going to stop them ? " internal affairs " ? pfft there 's such a crystal clear lesson we could all learn from egypt about what a government actually it is a group that lies about being beneficial for a society , when in reality it 's strangling the society to make itself rich
2	the <> is really fucking annoying , is n't it ?
6	wow i ca n't believe you 're getting upvotes pew are very reputable your arguments do n't make any sense whatsoever they consist entirely of non sequiters ( http en wikipedia org wiki non sequitur ) the lobbying is n't important the question is lobbying in what on explaining the difference between the pew attitudes poll and support for the islamist parties poll ultra conservative attitudes do n't necessarily translate into support for fundamentalist parties this was observed in pew 's pakistan poll a few years ago ( http afpak foreignpolicy com posts <> <> <> pakistan in polling vs pakistan in practice ) the aforementioned findings seem to be contradicted by the reality on the ground pakistani muslims overwhelmingly welcome an islamic influence over the country 's politics , citizens continue to " consistently reject religious parties at the polls " the alliance of islamist parties in pakistan , the mma , was trounced at the <> polls , managing to win only a miserable <> <> percent of the vote the framing of survey questions can help explain contradictory quantitative data in the case of the results generated in pew 's religion , law , and society section of the survey , respondents were asked black and white questions , like , " do you favor or oppose making stoning people who commit adultery the law in pakistan ? " according to moeed yusuf , a south asia advisor at the u s institute of peace , much of the so called " muslim world " find it difficult to go against anything seen as ordained by islam he added , " at an abstract level , islam remains important to even the most secular of muslims remember islam is very candid about state and religion being an integrated whole ( at least in the classic narrative ) and so such questions would elicit such responses " when faced with a choice between what they are supposed to say and what they actually practice , respondents tend to match abstract questions with equally abstract answers you are advised to read the entire article for a good rundown of why the results in egypt might seemingly contradict support for fundamentalist parties in fact , foreign policy 's analysis explains the aberration that only <> of egyptians would vote for the muslim brotherhood but <> want religious leaders in ' advisory roles ' for government not your mish mash of non sequiters
4	the difference between you and me is that i'm dealing with facts and extrapolating from that , and you are simply hoping that what you would wish to happen , happens this article is by a left wing paper and is stating that it seems likely according to liberals that the mb will gain power i'm not sure where your argument is oh and for the last time , i'm pro arab spring i think it 's a good thing they got rid of the despot i'm just a little concerned how it will turn out , as are the liberals in egypt
7	i just got back from visiting my family in cairo they were shocked when i talked about how american media portrays a " well now what do we do " feeling about what was going on over there on every corner my father was talking about the new shops that had gone up and the growing economy maadi especially , but places like attamayah also and how still <> months after the revolution there is a surging sense of civic pride
2	you 've given this a little bit of a spin in the title ( whilst being factually correct ) , focusing on the million strong protest rather than what it 's actually about which is the likelihood that the muslim brotherhood will indeed get into power a fact that most redditors seemed to think would n't happen in a country that holds rather extreme religious views according to pew polls
4	i just got back from visiting my family in cairo they were shocked when i talked about how american media portrays a " well now what do we do " feeling about what was going on over there on every corner my father was talking about the new shops that had gone up and the growing economy maadi especially , but places like attamayah also and how still <> months after the revolution there is a surging sense of civic pride
3	any conventional political movement in arab states will face severe problems from firstly the west headed up by the us and its proxy , israel , and secondly from religious whack jobs created in the main from a reaction to the first problem
2	great news i felt really uncomfortable with how prominent the muslim brotherhood was in the protests this revolution is for the people , not for islam
1	i have a bad feeling egyptians will soon have me making a u turn and wishing they were still being oppressed rather than have to deal with yet another theocratic and or religious looney bin like iran , pakistan , saudi etc
3	then why are the liberals in egypt so worried ? political voting systems rarely require a clear majority to take power
6	the last paragraph of the article is actually the most interesting part some activists though have labelled the entire row an unnecessary distraction from the more important job of formulating new policies that tackle egypt 's many socio economic problems and improve the condition of over <> million egyptians still living below the poverty line " this is a waste of time , " tweeted the pro change campaigner and former google executive wael ghonim , who argued that the constitution debate had descended into an ideological point scoring contest in which neither side was willing to back down love the use of the words " some activists " , this really reinforces how unimportant these people are , therefore why should anyone care what they have to say
2	oh man , it feels like only yesterday that reddit furiously attacked anyone who dared suggest that there was a chance this revolution would put the mb in power in some way egypt was gonna be a big san fransisco with bike lanes and priuses and hippie jambands (
1	you mean the ' left ' that used to be the harbinger of all evil and terror in the world ? that left , the one that was vilified as the most nefarious ideology on earth ? my enemy 's enemy
1	that does n't make sense ! ! ! islam is the most peaceful , loving , tolerant , religion furthermore , muslims in egypt have never ever engaged in any acts of violence or wide spread systematic discrimination against non muslim egyptians in the entire history of the country if there should be any religion involved in the egyptian government its definitely islam ! ! silly egyptians
4	i quoted the poll , but i have to admit that 's a good bit of digging , and the bias of a source should always be taken into consideration
2	there have been a lot of crackdowns by the army and accusations of gross human rights violations what can you tell me about that ?
1	sensationalist , agenda driven , american media at its best they are attempting to portray any act of civil uprising as being a " bad idea " in the end they need to keep americans complacent
1	really ? would you consider npr in this fashion ? i 've never known them to be sensationalist or agenda driven and despite petstorehero 's anecdotal evidence , here are some recent articles from them that do n't give such a rosy picture arab spring leaves egypt in an economic slump ( http www npr org <> <> <> <> arab spring leaves egypt in an economic slump ) egypt 's political transformation moves slowly ( http www npr org <> <> <> <> arab spring leaves egypt in an economic slump ) and npr does good reporting , so i'm inclined to believe them over a single account but i'm open to reading any well sourced articles that say otherwise
6	the global paradigm has shifted were not fighting the rooskies anymore secular states are the most important interest to the us democratic or not the us wanting an islamist state is absurd edit fukayama is brilliant
6	i'm guessing it 's equivalent to foreigners thinking that children in america are being subjected to sexually invasive searches by tsa agents all over the us
2	well , a lot of americans associate " christianity " with " virtue " and " love " and so forth the rest of them are either moronic christians that associate it with war and so forth ( <> , maybe less now ) , or people that associate it with the crusades , catholic priest child molestation , and imperialism ( " atheists " ) not to mention members of other religions in the u s but the extent to which we believe " christianity " should affect government or just " religion " in government is a very very vague question , just like you say i think politicians , if they 're doing anything at all , should put goodwill and compassion into it , but irrationality is a whole different question the same thing is true there people associate islam with peace that 's why you always hear people saying , " islam is a religion of peace , " even if there are passages in the koran that say things like " you go to heaven if you die defending the faith , " and the more extreme ones ( not coming to mind right now ) there are passages like that in the bible too , especially in the old testament i do n't know if i would vouch for the numbers they give in that npr piece , though <> for atheists seems very low pew says <> <> http www freethoughtpedia com wiki percentage of atheists atheists in america but we 've already talked about why pew is not trustable at all in this thread this one says <> http topics nytimes com top reference timestopics subjects a atheism index html ? inline nyt classifier but on an issue by issue breakdown , you really get to the meat of the question
5	there were lots of discussions about the recent rape tests that were given to a group of women , in the same manner that we might discuss the most recent political sex scandal i can say that there is not a sense of fear among the general public , or if there is the excitement far outweighs the trepidation
4	ah so it 's a sinister conspiracy , is it ? good to know
3	strange that there 's such a big disparity between our polls , huh ? something 's off here i'm so used to rigged polling organizations i started looking up pew the first thing i noticed is that the " pew charitable trusts " have <> billion dollars in assets , and are spending <> <> of that money on lobbying efforts https secure wikimedia org wikipedia en wiki pew charitable trusts the only lead i got was to this webpage http www discoverthenetworks org funderprofile asp ? fndid <> which is broken , as you can see so i went to the google cache of it ( here 's a copy ) http hpaste org <> and found out that the pews who started the foundation were the heirs to , you guessed it , sunoco oil http everything explained at sunoco alarm bells should be going off in your head at this point why would a polling foundation founded by the heirs to an oil company spend <> <> of its money on lobbying ? or any of its money on lobbying ? and why would it also lie about the source and nature of political instability in egypt , an oil and gas rich country ? i do n't know oil ? maybe gas , too ? http www biggamefishingjournal com pew hutch article html everything in this country unravels if you look at it closely enough everything sunoco , as you can see from the " everything explained " link , has purchased the rights to mobil and is the official fuel of nascar the article also notes researchers at the university of massachusetts amherst have identified sunoco as the <> largest corporate producer of air pollution in the united states , with roughly <> <> million pounds of toxic chemicals released annually into the air <> major pollutants indicated by the study include nickel compounds , naphthalene , aniline , and benzene
2	even as two year old yazmina 's fearful eyes brimmed with tears , her father was not persuaded to change his mind from what he was about to do what is this shitty writing good for ? i thought i was reading a news paper , not some tabloid bullshit where are the news ? the known facts ?
1	oh look , it 's apparatchik when not posting conspiracy theories about those awful joos , apparatchik likes to spend his time on reddit defending backward islamists probably a hypocritical muslim or a typical run of the mill reddit islamophile here 's a thought how about you fuck off to some stone age muslim state , where they hang homosexuals and treat women like cattle ?
4	i like this game where we invent meanings for words that have no basis in fact or basis in history is zionism the new fascism , a word so weighed down by negativity that no one bothers to actually consider its real meaning before using it as a byword for all that is evil and terrible ? i 'll give you a hint zionism is a <> century secular movement based on economic theories of mutualism the focus on the creation of a jewish state had nothing to do with religious beliefs the founder of zionism , theodor herzl , was not a religious jew instead , the motivation for the establishment of a jewish state had to do with his belief that jews would never be accepted by the predominantly non jewish european countries that hosted them two formative experiences led him to this conclusion the first was his participation in a german nationalist movement , where he experienced antisemitism , and the second was the dreyfus affair , which happened when he was in paris very few jews agreed with his position and zionism remained a fringe movement until after the holocaust , when the european jewry came to agree with herzl 's assessment that not feeling particularly jewish yourself does not protect bigots from discriminating against you for your anscestry in fact , much of the opposition to zionism in the <> century came from religious jews , who , in keeping with orthodox jewish tradition , maintained that jews should not return to the holy land before the coming of the messiah , who had not yet arrived there are some very religious jews that still hold this position particularly by <> century standards , the " father of zionism " was n't much of a jew he spoke neither hebrew nor yiddish , he did not receive an official bar mitzvah , and his motivations for the creation of a jewish state were explicitly secular the choice of palestine as a jewish homeland was somewhat arbitrary and mainly for cultural continuity in his seminal work , der judenstaat , in which he outlines his plans for a jewish state , he explicitly names argentina as a possible candidate the benefits of palestine had mainly to do with its proximity to europe and its importance in jewish history herzl also saw an economic angle the ottoman empire was in debt and he believed he might be able to convince the ottoman sultan to allow the jews to create a homeland in palestine in exchange for them taking on the ottoman empire 's foreign debt to this end he actually met with members of the ottoman court , including the sultan , to pitch this plan it was rejected what israel does today is not in any way defensible but stop claiming that zionism is about religion it 's not not today , and not ever i really ca n't stand people who do n't bother to do a little reading
8	the focus on the creation of a jewish state had nothing to do with religious beliefs what ? i agree that many zionists and their supporters are secular but to claim that religion has nothing to do to with zionism in the past or present is disingenuous for example , we have many american evangelicals zionists supporting the state of israel solely because they believe it will fulfill some sort of biblical prophecy many settlements in the west bank are occupied by jewish fanatics who believe that god promised them that land the choice of palestine as a jewish homeland was somewhat arbitrary and mainly for cultural continuity sorry i do n't buy it we have a ton of israeli apologists here claiming that they have more of a right to live in palestine than arabs why ? because their holy book says so you are manipulating historical facts to fit your own version of zionism
1	i'm not jewish , you islamophile fuck omg those poor muslims why cant people just let them blow themselves up in cafes in peace ? fuck off you leftist piece of shit
4	wow , really ? netanyahu 's really reaching on that one
4	you are manipulating historical facts to fit your own version of zionism no , i do n't have " my own version " of zionism , because i'm not a zionist i 've just actually bothered to read something about zionism , as you apparently have not i could n't care less what evangelical americans call themselves or think zionism is about i also could n't care less about the religious motivations of crazy settlers that these people exist and are bad is not in question , but making them representative of zionism is like calling stalin a fascist
6	why did you change your name from glengyron ?
1	i am usually of the ' fuck israel ' mindset ( still am actually ) but i have to admit , this shit happens in every thread on a similar topic generally i might not mind but when it is accompanied by the smug , self righteousness found on reddit , it starts to become jarring the more i visit this place , the more i realise most of the posters are really no different than the fox news viewers they claim to despise so much the only difference between the two groups is that one says ' fuck you , i do n't like ( insert group here ) and i do n't care what you think ' while the other group tries to intellectually rationalise their ignorance and bigotry ( this works very well on reddit , as they are always up voted by like minded idiots , while any argument is down voted in the same way )
4	that editorialized headline is a mouthful and a lot of people like to upvote stories without reading the articles ( not just a reddit problem of course ) basically , the article says a blogger pretending to be kicked off the flotilla was exposed as a phony some intern who worked ( for money ? ) for the government liked the video and posted it on his twitter and the government website ( unnamed , no link ) supposedly gave a link to this fake gay guy 's blog when the government found out that it was a hoax , they took it down like any grown up organization would do and apoligized for being tricked when anti israel groups found out it was a hoax , they crucified israel for not having <> <> hindsight when some intern posted some inconsequential shit on a twitter account so who 's blowing things out of proportion how is this a big deal ? tldr read the article it 's not that big a deal
6	i'm not surprised hasbara overdrive !
6	quite surprised to see this in the uk 's conservative house magazine the torygraph
5	the arabs stole it from the crusaders ( http en wikipedia org wiki kingdom of jerusalem ) the crusaders stole it from the etc etc ad infinitum
6	why do we immediately turn to goebbels when we think of propaganda ? it was a jew , edward bernays , who wrote the bible on the subject ( literally titled " propaganda " , <> ) the psychological manipulation of the masses came from the people who mastered psychology goebbels was just a copycat hack
4	indeed this hoax makes der ewige jude look like a romantic comedy
6	on not really for example the daily mail is not a nationalised institution in the uk yet it is responsible for a significant proportion of the nationalist propaganda in the uk the norm also should be for government to not endorse hoaxes what you think they deserve a cookie and a glass of milk for this ? what credible government endorses hoaxes ? the quality of this submission is a separate issue
6	the video was very professionally made , using an actor it would n't surprise me if it was government funded in some way
4	omar could have been doing it himself , or he could have been funded i do n't know i would like to know who is going to check his bank records ?
6	conquer of lands goes back <> years the land swapped hands <> times why is the second last time the determining time ? the " theft " to which you refer happened in <> <> in <> it is as relevant as the " theft " of the land from the jews <> years ago do you think israel should cease to exist ?
2	is it so bad to have one democracy in the middle east where you can be gay openly and not killed instantly ? ah , the popular " tu quoque " ( http en wikipedia org wiki tu quoque ) argument , this is a logical fallacy false it is an intentional tactic of israeli government itself to highlight gay rights in israel and to portray it as a utopia for homosexuals in contrast with a portrayal of the arab states as being backwards and discriminatory they leave out the violence against the gay community and gay parades in israel basically israel is using homosexuals as a political football to try to score human rights brownie points since it 's impossible to do that via the central conflict between israel and the palestinians is israel using gay rights to excuse its policy on palestine ? " the accusations stem from efforts over the past half decade by the israeli government to weave the country 's gay friendly policies including national hate crime laws , employment protection for lgbt workers and openly gay military service into its larger national rebranding strategy , in the hopes of redirecting its global image away from politics , terrorism and the occupied territories " is israel using gay rights to excuse its policy on palestine ? by david kaufman , time magazine is it so bad to have one democracy in the middle east where you can be gay openly and not killed instantly ? your claims are completely false , and fabricated beirut gay pride parade http www fanoos com country beirut gay parade html gay pride parade in beirut http www network54 com forum <> thread <> last <> gay pride parade in beirut there have been gay rights protests in beirut , period therefore your claim which specifically says it ca n't happen anywhere in the middle east is <> false and really things are n't that different in israel than in the arab world there was a terror attack against the gay rights center in tel aviv which " mysteriously " has never been solved and virtually every year there are threats against the israeli pride parades and violence " a religious jew stabbed three people during clashes between dozens of ultra orthodox jews and thousands of gay pride parade marchers in central jerusalem thursday " violence erupts at gay pride parade ( http www ynetnews com articles <> , <> , l <> , <> html ) " noah satat , <> , the outspoken director of jerusalem open house , organizer of the parade who has also received death threats , is now guarded by a <> hour police escort a jerusalem gay pride clash is averted ( http www time com time world article <> , <> , <> , <> html ) " still , the ultra orthodox and the gay community have been known to come to physical blows ( http www time com time world article <> , <> , <> , <> html ) gay activists recall the <> pride march in jerusalem , when an ultra orthodox man leaped into the crowd and stabbed three marchers before he could be restrained by police the violence came after the city 's ultra orthodox mayor had tried to ban the march but was overruled in court the following year , police ordered <> , <> officers to protect a few hundred marchers from possible ultra orthodox violence " gay vs orthodox a deadly turn in israel 's culture war ? there are no laws against homosexuality in jordan for <> years long before it became legal in israel long before it became legal in most western countries , in fact in practice , in israel , tolerance of homosexuality declines precipitously once one leaves tel aviv its much like lebanon in that regard the differences in countries laws against homosexuality has less to do with inherent qualities of jews vs arabs after all the jewish religion calls for death by stoning of gays but instead has more to do with the colonial history what s interesting is that the arab areas that were once controlled by the french , like lebanon , are the ones with laws against homosexuality , because the french felt comfortable talking about sex , mr luongo said , while the areas controlled by the british didn t have those laws because they didn t talk about sex as a result , flowing from that french history is a relative familiarity with homosexuality in places like lebanon you have more gay life where the laws exist against it http travel nytimes com <> <> <> travel <> html this argument that claims that israel is the only " safe haven " for gays in the middle east used way too much to pander to western audience 's hearts " the accusations stem from efforts over the past half decade by the israeli government to weave the country 's gay friendly policies including national hate crime laws , employment protection for lgbt workers and openly gay military service into its larger national rebranding strategy , in the hopes of redirecting its global image away from politics , terrorism and the occupied territories " http www time com time world article <> , <> , <> , <> html " israel has begun an aggressive public relations campaign to market itself as an oasis of gay tolerance and democracy in the mideast , surrounded by backward countries where gays have no rights the campaign is not about supporting queers in palestine or elsewhere in the mideast who are resisting homophobia it is about using their experience of homophobia to promote hatred of palestinians , arabs , and muslims including queer palestinians , arabs , and muslims the campaign is designed to make people living in liberal democracies like canada feel an affinity for israel the implication is that israel needs to practice apartheid , colonialism , and violence in order to preserve the liberal freedoms it enjoys it might be unpleasant , but surely we can understand the exceptional circumstances ? " http queersagainstapartheid org gayisrael
1	fuck off you filthy disgusting sandnigger
1	who the fuck do these eurotrash think they are that they have authority over other people ? where are the arrest warrants for sarkozy and company ? i wish they would call for the arrest of obama or bush so we can just nuke them and finally be done with the icc
2	china is like that annoying kid ( http i imgur com <> jpg ) on the playground
4	i do n't know what these guys are making with the cleared land but if someone let 's me know i 'll gladly stop buying it
5	considering how much grief turkey gave to israel for that flotilla bullshit , i think turkey is being pussies when confronted with real guns on their border it was ok for turkey to condemn israel for " atrocities " committed by israel , but when it is happening in front of their very eyes on their border , they are wussing out just saying it is no big surprise to see the turks live with what seems to be a genocide happening right in front of their eyes and do nothing they have a past
6	agreed , also still waiting for us and european to bomb the syria why has n't this happened yet ?
4	duh china is babysitting its own facebook dittoes , like renren , until they grow large enough that their network effect can reasonably compete with that of facebook btw , if you do n't know what a network effect is , stop wining about what the chinese gov ' t is doing and start reading wikipedia
6	the chinese will do this with every " social network " site unless it " approves " them what that entitles is giving the chinese government access <> <> , with the ability to take down the site content as they see fit of course no one would allow that , except the chinese government chinese based social networks was n't a big surprised
6	the government bans any form of ( usually foreign ) social media they have no direct control over ( and imdb , for some reason ) google and gmail are periodically spotty , so this does n't come as much of a surprise they get away with doing it without too much protest because there 's usually a chinese copy available
4	the good news is this is fantastic for google this gets their name out there , lets people believe it 'll have power
1	protectionism ? the fuck are you smoking ? this is straight denying freedom of speech and a personal vendetta against google
6	imdb was banned originally for a movie it listed about the tibean issue then it was reallowed and about a month later banned again , not sure why the second one but , surprise surprise , china has thier own version now so do n't worry
4	it 's also protectionism , so was facebook and youtube and twitter chinese government does not like competitors in it 's media sector
4	i think this 'll have a rebellious efect on it , like " oh this google was banned in china , i'm gonna try it out ! " sort of thing
6	i'm suspicious who why anyone would downvote your post it 's laughable what they are calling " genetic modification " when anyone without bias would simply call it high quality
4	no , genetic modification refers to inserting foreign dna ( to express very specific proteins ) into the genome best example , round up ready corn and soybeans edit larger , more healthy plants that yield more are typically f1 hybrids , a product from heterosis ( aka hybrid vigor )
1	yea , why the fuck is the media reporting good news as bad news
1	importing it is kind of a bitch
6	yeah that 's a little weird , it 's definitely hilarious to call it ' genetic modification ' is it a monsanto downboat crew ? o o
6	the wrong part is mistaking selective breeding and gm
2	what a load of horse shit regular everyday marijuana can be <> <> thc there 's no genetic modification going on to get that , they 're just now getting the modern seeds everyone else has had for ages and growing it instead of their native , lower potency varieties
2	it 's selectively bred , not genetically modified , and it 's been like that for <> years pretty sloppy reporting
4	it would be interesting to see actual gm weed , one that needs less light and has a shorter growth cycle would be far more interesting then ever more potent bud
2	<> per kilo ? what a shitty market for the sellers
1	oh boy , dro from amsterdam in california got to colombia big whoop its just cheap as fuck
1	and this is coming from a science oriented publication shame
6	lol at genetically modified this is n't franken weed it 's selective breeding it 's not like monsanto is genetically fucking with weed and putting roundup in it to prevent bugs from getting to the plants they 're doing that in the food we eat !
8	yet another " super pot " scare ooooo it 's a powerful drug now ! here is the probable writer 's twitter account https twitter com ! luisrobayo let him know he is enabling the drug warriors
2	yeah i was like wtf ! ? a bunch of lies
4	touche
8	ah i took spaceman 's comment in the wrong context then ( this is what i get for hanging around ultra cons who believe that legalizing marijuana will give " the working class an excuse to blah blah " sigh )
4	that 's , like , really deep , man
4	you seemed to be confused about who decides what gods law is you seemed to imply that such a mythical figure exists to write " his " own laws , but i'm informing you that such a mythical figure does not exist , and everything you have ever heard about any " god " was made up by ordinary people , just like you and me
4	that 's a very naive view of religion religion absolutely invloves heads deciding and debating what the rules are they base them off holy texts and works of philosophy and theology , and " interpret " what is right and what gods word is no texts are perfect , they are all written by people , so the churches need to interpret and decide what to take note of , and what to disregard large parts of the bible have been written off as inaccurate or untrue by modern churches , whether it be because they are contradictory , or of questionable authenticity , or simply because the church thought they went against their traditional moral sense too much to be included as time goes on , the values of the church and society changes and when something they took notice of becomes increasingly seen as archaic or immoral , they can disregard it with any number of justifications thats not whats happening here though god is one thing , but organised religion is man made the church decided celibate gays ca n't be bishops , that rule is not written in the bible or anything like that , at least not the parts the church of england has taken notice of in a long time , so its their prerogative to change it
4	i never understood , and probably will never understand , how christians seem to think that they can just decide what god 's law is then go to r christianity and ask there are lots of educated enthusiastic christians there who could explain it to you i mean it 's not like they ask god if it 's okay when they " reform " their religion i'm pretty sure that 's completely inaccurate praying for guidance is pretty much exactly that
2	if i hated something and i had the chance to become head of that organisation , i would take the chance and drive the whole thing straight into the ground just sayin '
6	i'm pretty sure that 's completely inaccurate praying for guidance is pretty much exactly that what ? asking a question and waiting for an answer is n't the same thing as asking for something
4	i think it 's good , people are people , all are equal
6	what would jesus say ! ?
4	i never understood , and probably will never understand , how christians seem to think that they can just decide what god 's law is i mean it 's not like they ask god if it 's okay when they " reform " their religion
4	actually the real problem seems to be the alternative there is a split down the middle of the coe it is more likely it will split in half and the " conservative " half will rejoin the catholics
8	if someone can right off parts of a book while also claiming it to be the word of god how can i decide what is true ? sure an all knowing god would be able explain clearly and explain what to do in our ever changing world a part from that for me there is also the problem , that why would a god create rules if ( as an all knowing god ) he knows people are going to break them ? would n't he go on to explain further why i'm not allowed to commit these things ? or try to change the future ? why would he create me if he already knows in the future he is n't going to want me ? why send me to hell when you can just decide not to create me ? then , lets say , you really give us ' free will ' ( as some christians argue ) why create your book in the first place ? why create rules if you allow me to do anything ? why allow me to walk but no fly ? what type of superfiscal person creates something to worship themselves ? ( especially when they already know they are the greatest thing that exists ) then condemn them to an eternity without ' god ' if you do n't worship him ? why create that choice ? i'm sorry but there is too many questions why create rich poor powerful weak when you are the greatest ?
1	you know priests are fucking little boys when their sexual orientation is relevant even in a context of claimed sexual abstinence
6	what happened to the sexually repressed england we all used to know and love ?
6	it is a fact and i do know it this may surprise you , but there is no evidence at all for the existence of deities like no evidence , not even a single bit of evidence , none at all
4	i think it 's quite divisive i think they could possibly loose members on balance , with quite a few people particularly from the high church of england going back into the catholic fold the higher ends of the church of england are very close to the catholic church in much of it 's style and ceremony except no pope and priests are allowed to be married whereas the lower end is much more like protestantism in a truer lutherian sense more akin to the protestantism seen on the european continent , but also in scotland and northern ireland the pope has already been " courting " sections of the church of england that are opposed to gay clergy , offering to bring them in , but allowed to retain much of their anglican tradition
4	disgusting no wonder the anglican membership is dropping like a rock
4	i'm an atheist just like you but it 's simply untrue to call it a fact you do n't know , so do n't pretend , that 's what the theists do
6	damn right man , agree with every word anyone who is delusional enough to ignore the history facts deserves to be made a fool of i used to be muslim and islam is pretty explicit on the subject , homosexuality wrong what kind of a masochist would have to be to want so desperately to subscribe that sort of institution ?
6	what communism ? we bag it <> years ago
1	hey look , <> comments ! this is still not as interesting as the israeli government being so horrible as to link to a hoax video about gay rights not nearly as interesting as a link about israeli traffic lights supposedly discriminating palestinians the number of " fuck israel " calls every little anti israeli article makes r worldnews is staggering , and pretty ridiculous that none of these people seem to care about real humanitarian crisis when they happen
1	it 's doing a great job in afgha oh wait and the libyan intervention has spiralled out of control nato is now arming the same groups it is fighting elsewhere a real clusterfuck , lets make it flare up even more !
6	no , it 's not the surprise factor most human beings would feel renewed sorrow that so much pointless carnage has been done under the banner of a flag that so many we know have fought and died for but is being used now for only greed , empire and political careers you miss the moral point and the political point wars are not supposed to kill civilians , it 's basically illegal as attested to by civilized nations ' promulgation of the geneva conventions and other protocols on war over more than a century even worse you totally miss the point that killing saddam hussein and tens of thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , of iraqi civilians was not " a war " it was an invasion based on a lie you do not feel outrage because you 're cool with people losing their lives for nothing there is no real moral or political correlation between wwii and the us invasion of iraq " my god " ? you have a god ? odin ? zeus ? the old testament hairy thunderer ?
3	you know they are counting the people that the terrorists and insurgents are killing in reprisal also does not consider the number of people who were dying on a daily basis during the saddam era ( do you think he 'd let this whole ' arab spring ' thing just slide by ? )
6	sometimes numbers are wrong what 's your point , that it does n't matter that tons of civilians are killed if we do n't know exactly how many ? are you saying america has done no harm to the people of iraq ?
4	it 's an outlier in comparison to most studies done on iraqi war casualties that 's not exactly true the only other peer reviewed study with a reasonably good methodology that was done on the subject was violence related mortality in iraq from <> to <> ( http dx doi org <> <> <> ) , which was based on the iraq family health survey the other " studies " you 're talking about are n't actual studies on the subject , but estimates arrived at either through fundamentally flawed methodologies or through studies focusing on entirely different subjects unfortunately , the iraq family health survey suffers from a number of fundamental flaws as well one such flaw is that it used government affiliated interviewers to gather data , leading to a high chance of biased reports , primarily from families who either opposed the government themselves or whose deceased family members opposed the government other major flaws include the fact that some <> of planned samples were not taken due to safety concerns , and an inability to interview those families in the planned sample that had dissolved or fled due to violence that 's not to say that the two lancet studies were perfect they definitely were n't , if only because gathering data in a war torn country tends to be hard but they were at least on par with the iraq family health survey , and a good argument can be made that they were better however , one thing to keep in mind is that the relevant result was n't the estimate , but the <> confidence interval for the <> study , this was <> , <> to <> , <> a rather wide range
6	i was surprised and depressed by the civillian casualties so many people who were just trying to live their lives have been killed because of these wars
4	the funny thing is how we ( serbia ) are constantly blamed as a nation for committing horrible war atrocities in the <> ( which we did ) we arrested ratko mladic , dubbed war criminal and genocidal man who killed several thousand muslim men , yet former and current us president are free despite the fact that they are directly responsible for many , many more deaths
6	quarter of a million human beings dead , and for what ? what have we gained ? a hatred throughout the middle east ? statist pigs
4	i'm so glad i pay for murder
6	i mean how does this really surprise anyone ? wars cost money , wars kill people the magnitude is actually lower than i figured it would be seriously , if you want some statistics that will make your head spin , look up operation barbarossa from wwii my god
4	wait , just yesterday it was a million wow ! <> , <> people resurrected in a day thanks to the power of reddit ! i remember when the sanctions on iraq killed a million children just how many people are there in iraq , and how many times has each of them been killed by american atrocities ?
2	do n't forget , they hate us for our " freedom "
1	this is so fucked up , we should be killing people more efficiently
2	the number may even be higher during the bombing period of the invasion a lot of infrastructure was destroyed and much of the paper records have been lost these estimates of civilian casualties rely on reported deaths , that is people whose identity could be confirmed and were actually reported to hospitals and medics those that cannot be recognized are often left in a limbo of non existence or if the description fits called enemy combatants also a great deal of deaths go unreported during the bombing campaing the estimates may have also been a lot higher as not a whole lot is left in the aftermath of a <> or <> ton bomb , those bombs leave craters the size of city blocks whatever gets hit by it gets pulverized the army and government use those conservative estimates mostly to tune down the severity of the conflict but as it turn out reality has a darker hue
1	well maybe if we had n't been giving osama guns and money to kill soviets in the first place , that mother fucker would n't have been able to turn on us later its gonna be the same story in libya we are helping the " rebels " and they will turn out to be the same kind of " rebel " osama was the u s has military bases all over the planet and many people do n't want us there how would you like it if a soldier with an automatic weapon who did n't even speak your language kicked in the door of your home , put you and your children on the floor at gunpoint and then looked through your wifes panty drawer for guns ? i assume you would want to buy them a beer ?
2	alright , you seem to infer a lot about my political beliefs based on very little i admit that i'm a little jaded because i 've been hearing similar statistics at various points over the last decade they are absolutely appalling , and do not deserve to be so casually brushed off as i just did do n't misunderstand me i detest the bush administration with every fiber of my being for their decisions with regards to iraq alone , not to mention every single blunder which surrounded it and all the fallout thereafter i apologize for not really thinking my post through very well , and offending you in the process i genuinely agree with you , and i am not being sarcastic in the slightest bit in return , however , i would ask that you refrain from making uninformed and clearly anger driven assessments of other people which you have no evidence to support indirectly claiming the person you are arguing against is a sociopath does not convince them of anything it simply makes them more inclined to argue with you for the sake of arguing its a shame when someone makes a good point which is completely lost on its audience because they want to disagree sidebar i do n't exactly know what you expected to add with your last couple sentences i said " my god , " for emphasis , and i think most people would get that given the context
6	why are we in iraq ? when did american involvement in iraq start ? be specific
2	yeah , thats why these goat herders keep trying to blow stuff up in our cities because they hate their leaders
4	however it would explain very well part of the <> , <> found on her account and her telephone bills there are lots of other ways to explain the <> the evidence so far is that it is drug money laundered by others into her account she seems to be uneducated and naive and , to put it succinctly , an amoral bottom dwelling survivor it does ' t make much sense for a maid to continue working as a maid if she had actual access to the money , rather than simply had an account opened in her name well specific is n't the word as during the interview , she is extremely vague about the circumstances of the alleged assault attempt does n't sound that vague banon " for my first book i had to interview people about their biggest mistake he did n't really answer but suggested we meet again he asked me to come to his hotel he asked me to hold his hand while recording the interview , and then he kept on trying to touch other parts of my body i was wearing a black turtle neck we fought on the floor he sent me an sms after saying do i scare you ? " it ended really badly we ended up fighting it finished really violently " " we fought on the floor it was n't a case of a couple of slaps i kicked him , he unhooked my bra , he tried to open my jeans " he acted like a " horny monkey " " i said the word ' rape ' to scare him but it did n't seem to scare him much , which suggests he was used to it " okay , so let 's wait for the trial before talking of " evidence " , then why should n't we talk about it ? we can mention the source , and the fact that it is n't confirmed by the prosecution ( who have some obligations to stay out of the media to avoid tainting the trial )
4	well , all this shows is that many people were happy when the news broke out , and were enthusiastically spreading it no surprise here and even the prosecution must have seen this as an easy opportunity for a career boost still , no right wing conspiracy way too amateurish the lady was just way too stupid ( she was cleaning two other rooms after the alleged rape , for peter 's sake ! )
4	no , my point was that just because she has a history of lying does not mean she was not raped just because dsk has been accused of rape in the past does not mean he 's raped anyone here her case is falling apart , and you 're still beating the drum for his head quit being so emotionally invested in his guilt and admit there are no lines between which you can magically read and determine what he 's likely to have done or not innocent until proven guilty you communist
4	sure , this is a valid approach if you have a data set as input to build your chain , and another data set to validate your approach where will you get such a ( known good ) data set ? as i said previously ( although not very prominently ) , there is no way to verify the validity and as long as humans will lie to avoid punishment , there will never be a way a good approach would be proper characterisation , i e full psychological profiling with an accuracy etc that is beyond today 's techniques and understanding let me clarify my beliefs here that there is nothing wrong with bayesian methods , but there is a problem with implementing it in this case i agree that there are many problems with how law is applied , what the courts consider to be logic etc we should strive to make the system better , and i do n't see how statistics can work in this case
4	eyewitness testimony is hideously unreliable yes , this is well known and has been for centuries , not just since someone compiled statistics and drew a graph as for physical evidence , this too can be faked absolutely sometimes the forgeries can be exposed sometimes innocent people are convicted on forgeries and sometimes , the defence can use the spectre of a forgery and a wrongful conviction to create reasonable doubt or the prosecution can use the spectre of a slimy crafty defence lawyer trying to fool everyone to get his guilty client off the hook to shore up problems in its case the fact that the accused has had previous accusations conveys more statistical knowledge i'm not saying that it is n't probative evidence , but it derails the object of the trial the question is n't whether he did it before , but if he did it this time a serial car thief may not have stolen this particular car there 's a human desire to punish bad people if the accused is shown to be a bad person , then a jury is more likely to convict , regardless of direct evidence of the particular crime in issue
4	banon " it ended really badly we ended up fighting it finished really violently " " we fought on the floor it was n't a case of a couple of slaps i kicked him , he unhooked my bra , he tried to open my jeans " he acted like a " horny monkey " " i said the word ' rape ' to scare him but it did n't seem to scare him much , which suggests he was used to it " that 's not attempted rape ?
4	dsk will never be declared innocent the charges will likely be dismissed if they are not after all that we have learned then the prosecutor should be thrown in prison ( provided no new evidence that does not depend on her testimony comes up ) and dsk will be found not guilty however , for the rest of his life ( even if she admits to lying about this rape ) some people will maintain that he ' got away with it' his name on google will be attached to rape and his reputation will be forever tarnished once a man is accused his name is published and the damage is done nothing will ever fix repair it he is just lucky that he is rich or his life would have essentially been over
6	she maintains that she was raped in guinea , just not as she described when she applied for asylum read the article tbh , people are shocked an immigrant lied to get into the country ? what is rich is that there was a lot of tutting and head shaking on this site when dsk 's history with women ( including previous assault allegations ) was brought up to cast him in a bad light , and now the character assassination of the alleged victim begins and reddit throws itself behind the attacks on her whole heartedly ? the hypocrisy is staggering if we were n't allowed to judge dsk when all the info in the media counted against him , why the hell is judging the victim so flagrantly permissible ?
4	her lawyer also claims that vaginal bruising and a torn ligament ( http www reddit com r worldnews comments iekhf the strausskahn rape case probably isnt going ) were revealed in a forensic exam ( which will come out in court ) there is evidence of dsk 's sperm all over the place , leading to a claim of consensual sex on the part of dsk it may be difficult to reconcile consensual sex with any injuries plus she is the <> person to accuse dsk of attempted rape , and many more have claimed groping it is improbable that an non assaulter would be followed by a string of unconnected assault accusations one , maybe it is much likelier that a serial assaulter would be followed by such a string
4	here 's the same logic , from the opposite direction irrelevant the witness is not the one on trial the witness is not the one who will be sent to jail the witness does not already have a massive prejudice against her due to being the accused the witness does not get the protection of the ban on bad character evidence evidence of the bad character of the accused is tightly controlled and permitted in only very restrictive circumstances this is to ensure a fair trial of the facts in issue and if x is large enough , they convict psychology of juries does not work this way in cases of jury nullification , considerations outside of the actual facts in issue and the evidence of those facts weighs in to convince jurors not to convict this is also not how the law works juries are explicitly instructed that " reasonable doubt " makes no reference to statistical probability juries are instructed that if they think the accused is probably guilty , or likely guilty , then they must acquit him a criminal conviction based on " probable guilt " is an invalid conviction it will tend to produce a pattern of convictions that more closely matches patterns of guilt and you miss the point of the entire concept of a fair trial and justice the object of the justice system is not to produce patterns of conviction that line up with statistics within a margin of error the object is to punish the guilty and to let the innocent go free the object is that it 's better to let <> guilty people go free than to convict a single innocent person a miscarriage of justice is not a statistical outlier , it is a fundamental failure of the entire system and calls its legitimacy into question grandma is really unlikely to be even charged of car theft because the people laying the charge possess the bias you 've just expressed , regardless of her actual guilt the greasy punk will always be accused because he 's a greasy punk it is easier to convict a greasy punk because , while he may not be guilty of this specific thing , he 's probably guilty of something and who cares , right ? this is n't the development of systems and rules that feel good , this is a recognition based on centuries of experience handed down through case law and history of how people think and the psychology of criminality on all sides the psychology of the criminal , of the judge , lawyers , cops and especially of juries and the public at large the justice system does not exist in a controlled environment it cannot , due to fundamental principles of democracy that demand openness and abhor secret trials the starting point from which you view perceived flaws in the truth seeking purpose of trials is wrong
6	dude , you 're clearly just a troll i read your comments in the last thread and in this one from your history , and it 's just clear you skip the meat of everyone 's post and respond to technicalities that you can swing to reinforce your point anonymous coward ? what an apt name
1	first of all , i love that they get an incredibly accurate translation of this unique dialect complete with american phrases ( " he 's got money " ) oh i forgot , we all have spent lots of time in guinea studying the languages also , i get that her credibility is shot because her " story has changed " and she lied about getting into the country but they 're leaving out the circumstances she 's not seeking asylum from a relaxed , well established country , she 's seeking asylum from fucking guinea , one of the poorest countries in the world and as far as her story changing how are they treating this woman ? do you think she gets to go home at night and relax ? she 's probably being badgered day and night and knows her citizenship is hanging in the balance people need to watch more svu mariska hargitay would never let this shit happen
4	nothing proves it ummm ? how about physical evidence from the scene and the testimony of the parties alleged to be involved ? ha ! that 's my entire point ! eyewitness testimony is hideously unreliable ( http agora stanford edu sjls issue <> fisher & tversky htm ) , but the defense may not provide scientific evidence of this unreliability to the jury as for physical evidence , this too can be faked do you note how the defenders of dsk claim that the maid stole his sperm , and caused her own injuries ? the judicial system of standards evidence came into play before the advent of modern statistics , and before our knowledge of the frailty of human memory everything in the court system is already a probabilistic argument is this witness 's memory valid ? is the dna test probative ? was this dna planted ? the fact that the accused has had previous accusations conveys more statistical knowledge i understand that this will never be used , but from the perspective of obtaining a best estimate of the truth , it is valuable information ben stein 's defence of dsk exhibits a most egregious form ben stein is correct in principle , but wrong in application a former car thief is more likely to steal a car than a grandmother in a nursing home but dsk was already notorious for groping , assault , and harassment and there is nothing to suggest that powerful men are inherently ethical , as stein suggests
4	hum , such an excercise of statistics has no meaning without understanding of the system and its degrees of freedom here 's a simple form that can be plugged into a straighforward bayesian reasoning chain <> what fraction of men are rapists ? <> what fraction repeat their rapes , and how often ? ie , what is the typical rape rate ? <> what is the probability that an innocent person is accused of rape , the innocent accusation rate ? <> given two unrelated rape accusations what are the probabilities that <> ) person belongs to the rapist class <> ) person committed this rape , given his probabilistic membership in rapist class ? taking into account all cross terms , of course , like " rapist but not this rape " or " not previous rapist but this rape " this is a solvable math problem if you do n't know the inputs , use ranges or distributions for them your point about the system not being characterized fully is valid , but this is a problem that the courts deal with every day they evade it by avoiding placing numerical bounds on their likelihoods , and producing yes no answers instead of more honest maybes the answer of " we think that there is a <> chance that suspect x is guilty , so we will lock him away for <> years " is socially unacceptable so we embrace a myth of ' beyond reasonable doubt ' after objectively sic weighing the evidence , instead i agree that this sort of reasoning will never be used in court , because the court system is not interested in being fully honest , because this would bring painful truths to the surface it is interested in creating a socially comfortable illusion of objectivity and infallibility
4	can we use her proven history of lying to say she was much more likely to be lying about being raped ? that is what is happening , with the prosecution being pulled back and dsk being released from bail it 's a reasonable question to ask a witness with a history of lying is less credible than one without such a history thank you for demonstrating the validity of this type of inference for her credibility , the issue is what is the likelihood that a person who has lied about immigration matters and did not give a full and honest accounting of her actions after a purported rape would lie about the rape itself ? for his credibility , the issue is what is the likelihood that an man without a propensity to rape would be plagued with an succession of independent rape and assault allegations ? so quit making the same argument about him , thanks i just said " yes " to your question you did not perchance make make a sarcastic remark after incorrectly presupposing my answer to your rhetorical question , did you ? that would make you look very , very silly you should wait for my answer before criticizing me for it !
4	physical signs of rough sex fixed that for you it 's not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that it was , as a matter of fact , a rape that 's what the courts are for , and the courts ( in this case the prosecutors ) have decided that her initial story is n't what it seems the court of public opinion may have convicted him as a rapist , but reality and what a bunch of people who 'd like nothing more than to see a powerful man go down believe to be true do n't always agree
4	it 's unfortunate that she felt she needed to embellish the rape did you read the whole letter ( http www nytimes com interactive <> <> <> nyregion <> strauss kahn letter html ? hp ) ? please do , it is very illuminating if a rape had really happened , there was no need to ' embellish ' anything , so why lying in the first place ? what if she had ' embellished ' also the dsk rape story ? she has proven to be a liar , and the conversation with her buddy in jail proves she was fully determined to get maximum profit from her current situation i do not like dsk as a person , or for his role in the imf but throwing him in jail for a rape he did not commit is not my idea of fairness on a separate note , i was travelling abroad some weeks ago , and declined to stay in the sofitel ( do not trust maids there ) true story
4	dsk had a dinner this evening and was drinking brunello di montalcino wine ( source ) ( http www intravino com primo piano strauss kahn cameriere brunello ) you know who else liked brunello di montalcino ? benito mussolini
6	" she maintains that she was raped in guinea , just not as she described when she applied for asylum " she has a record of changing her stories along the events why exactly should one believe her about that one ? " highly unreliable "
6	do n't be fooled by the attorney what attorneys claim outside the court is pretty worthless as their claims have n't been examined nor debated m thompson knows his case is toast , all he does is damage control remember that it 's the same guy who presented his client as a perfect employee and hard working citizen beyond any reproach now we know for sure this presentation is pretty far from the reality , and it would even seem that she actually sometimes works as a hooker in the sofitel hotel besides being a maid nothing proves that these alleged bruises happened during the alleged assault in fact , she talked about the torn ligament only days after the events as for the accusations of mrs banon in france , they relate an assault attempt that supposedly happened <> years ago they have never been examined in court , and of course there is absolutely no proof whatsoever so of course it ca n't be ruled out , but that is to take with a pinch of salt and btw she works for a website that leans heavily to the right wing , and therefore would see dsk as the biggest threat to sarkozy for presidential elections coming back to what happened in that suite , if we consider that she in fact was a hooker , this changes a lot our perspective m strauss kahn was not a first timer in this hotel he probably knew that several maids could offer some special services that go well beyond the basics of cleaning the room it could very well be that she offered her special services to m strauss kahn , hence a lot of male dna spread everywhere , and decided to take advantage of him otoh , even if he knew she was not a mere maid , he may have tried to abuse her and rape her , but then since nobody knows what really happened , it 's word against word and at this game , the liar loses
4	if we were n't allowed to judge dsk when all the info in the media counted against him , why the hell is judging the victim so flagrantly permissible ? for the same reason that people judged him people like to judge other people and will jump on any past mistakes as absolute proof of wrong doing far too many people believe that ' where there is smoke , there is fire ' this is why the names of both the accuser and the accused must be protected from the press until after the trial concludes with a guilty verdict
4	nagy is not hearsay christophe deloire and christophe dubois are journalists and authors , relying on interviews aurelie filipetti is a first person account sounds like the typical hearsay you get whenever anyone gets accused of a crime i am familiar with no such ' typical hearsay ' and these are all from before the accusation , not afterwards as you suggest
6	what ? from the nyt article linked to in this post " the housekeeper also told investigators that she had been gang raped in guinea she cried and became " markedly distraught when recounting the incident , " according to a letter to the defense from prosecutors released friday but she later admitted that that , too , was a lie , once again one she had told to help her application for asylum she said she was indeed raped in guinea , but not in the way she had described " it 's unfortunate that she felt she needed to embellish the rape as if that 's even possible in order to gain asylum , but she was desperate , and that was the story she told that does n't make it a lie , nor does it not make her a victim
2	the torn ligament is something new that the complainant brought up to the prosecution only this past week it 's most likely bullshit , and another example of discrediting her character and with it , the entire case
4	because a history of assault allegations is taken to be proof of the current allegations , while it is no such thing this is a problem with using the legal rather than scientific statistical evidence of ' proof ' the legal system gives the defendant the benefit of the doubt in certain ways ( excluding a criminal history that statistically makes him more likely to be the sort who commits crimes ) , but also subjects the defendant to evidence that does not pass scientific muster ( bite mark evidence , eyewitness testimony ) then a jury of mediocrities ( or sub mediocrities , after the selection process ) is given the task of analyzing this evidence , without being allowed even to take notes that he groped women does not prove he raped this woman at this time and place it does not prove it nothing proves it but it establishes a probability that this is a person who does this sort of thing that 's genuine information by using quantitative knowledge of how rapists repeat their crimes , you can plug this into a rigorous bayesian formula ( as good but not better than its inputs ) , along with other knowledge , to figure out that there is a ( for example ) <> chance he 's guilty then you decide if the remaining <> constitutes 're asonable doubt ' this is how a scientific paper on dsk would work but this kind of logic is anathema to the courts , which substitute a different set of logic that they pretend is somehow better , because it feels more emotionally satisfying
2	that may absolutely be true , but it 's still evidence that can be put to the test this stuff about propensity and " he did it before " and statistics and so on that 's a load of bullshit and is not evidence of the crime alleged
4	but it establishes a probability that this is a person who does this sort of thing this is explicitly forbidden evidence in a courtroom , especially before a jury the danger of the misuse of this evidence is incredibly high there must be substantial probative value before this evidence is admitted you assail the standard of proof used in a court room and hold up a scientific statistical model of evidence as being superior you deride the judicial model as being " pretend " and trivialize the mountains of experience behind its development as merely " emotionally satisfying " you really do n't understand politics and psychology , do you ? nothing proves it ummm ? how about physical evidence from the scene and the testimony of the parties alleged to be involved ? you do see the danger of this statistical evidence , right ? you exhibit one of its primary dangers that it comes cloaked in the veil of authority of science oh snap , science says he 's probably guilty there is , of course , perversions of your statistical analysis ben stein 's defence of dsk ( http spectator org archives <> <> <> presumed innocent anyone ) exhibits a most egregious form in life , events tend to follow patterns people who commit crimes tend to be criminals , for example can anyone tell me any economists who have been convicted of violent sex crimes ? can anyone tell me of any heads of nonprofit international economic entities who have ever been charged and convicted of violent sexual crimes ? is it likely that just by chance this hotel maid found the only one in this category ? maybe mr strauss kahn is guilty but if so , he is one of a kind , and criminals are not usually one of a kind the issue is not what statistical models say about dsk , the issue is whether there was non consensual sex between him and this maid on the date and in the place alleged no one was there except dsk and the maid physical evidence has been left behind there are also the stories of two humans , the maid and dsk both have motivations both have imperfect perception both have defective memories the maid has complained to the authorities that dsk has committed a crime against her if this is true , then dsk must be punished in accordance with the law our society prizes individual liberty and abhors limiting that freedom without a good reason or so our social theory about ourselves goes so someone has to make a decision about this allegation the decision maker has to sit down and be shown the evidence they have to hear what people have to say for themselves and then they have to make a decision about the truth of an event that none of them were present for and inflict punishment on a man based on their decision about what happened and you deride this system as mere pretend and trivialize its justifications as emotionally satisfying ? go back to the lab , poindexter
6	why is that rape and not theft ?
6	what about giving clues about the actual case ?
4	can we use her proven history of lying to state she was lying about being raped ? no , we ca n't so quit making the same argument about him , thanks edit cleaned up my first sentence to keep it from being misread
4	the french upper classes had institutionalised extra marital lovers as far back as <> century , maybe even farther back voltaire lived as a live in lover of a married woman for many years her husband was on good terms with him
1	alpha as fuck
3	actual rapes happen far more often than false rape accusations the majority of rapes are committed by either family relatives or close friends of the victim even more , rapes can occur against men too , whether that be by women or other men i ca n't help but think your passion towards this issue is caused by some misplaced fear that you 'll somehow be falsely accused of rape sure false accusations do happen , but you should try finding some support groups of people who were actually raped and hear not only the twisted , gruesome shit that has happened to these people , but how more often than not the scales of justice are tilted against the victims situations like this and the duke lacrosse team are exceptional circumstances and not the norm of reality
2	" there are lots of other ways to explain the <> the evidence so far is that it is drug money laundered by others into her account she seems to be uneducated and naive and , to put it succinctly , an amoral bottom dwelling survivor it does ' t make much sense for a maid to continue working as a maid if she had actual access to the money , rather than simply had an account opened in her name " it does make a lot of sense when she lies about her condition for taxes , and if even more if she is a hotel hooker ( okay , still hypothetical , but the ny post seems to have several converging sources ) " does n't sound that vague " when i say vague , i mean nothing that permits to verify the truth of her allegations she could perfectly make up all this whatever she says the fact is she did n't file anything , and <> days after talking about filing , she said she is n't going to otoh , i expect him to file a case for defamation as soon as he comes back to france btw , she works for atlantico , which is a right wing information web site " why should n't we talk about it ? we can mention the source , and the fact that it is n't confirmed by the prosecution ( who have some obligations to stay out of the media to avoid tainting the trial ) " whatever the attorneys say outside the court is geared towards the media , i e mostly baloney her attorney painted her as a simple working woman without any problem , remember ? well , hardly the case
1	you literally think prostitutes cannot be raped you fucking slimeball piece of shit also grats u made my blog ( http redditisterrible tumblr com )
6	irrelevant the witness is not the one on trial you still do n't see my point i'm not speaking of trials conducted by usa legal rules i'm speaking of probabilities and logical inference the logical method remains valid ( or invalid ) in both instances whether the method is admissible in court in a particular instance is another matter this is to ensure a fair trial of the facts in issue ah ! but my point is that ' fair trial ' is not the same as ' accurate statistical inference of guilt and innocence ' the legal system is very imprecise , and hobbled by rules of procedure and evidence sometimes this hurts the defendant , and sometimes it helps him juries are explicitly instructed that " reasonable doubt " makes no reference to statistical probability ha ! this is an evasion of the issue by math phobes " reasonable doubt " must include some notion of probability otherwise , the instructions would demand certainty for instance , it is always possible that a quantum fluctuation created a precise clone of dsk , who then proceeded to rape the maid while the real dsk was reading the financial times in the next room this is proof that there is a finite though small probability that dsk is innocent , no matter what the evidence therefore no criminal can ever be found guilty of anything if mere ' probability ' of guilt is insufficient to convict qed the object of the justice system is not to produce patterns of conviction that line up with statistics within a margin of error the object is to punish the guilty and to let the innocent go free ha ! that 's the myth , to avoid the complicated truth juries engage in implicit statistical analysis , and when they become sufficiently convinced of guilt ( beyond some internally defined reasonable doubt ) , they convict this is not a comfortable thing to contemplate because if innocence is possible with probability 'p' , then fraction 'p' of prisoners in jail are by construction innocent so we pretend that 're asonable doubt ' does not leave behind a certain ' probability of innocence ' such reasoning would never be allowed in a scientific paper , because it is simply wrong the object is that it 's better to let <> guilty people go free than to convict a single innocent person a miscarriage of justice is not a statistical outlier , it is a fundamental failure of the entire system and calls its legitimacy into question of course ! that 's what we pretend the truth is too hard to bear what is the 're asonable ' in 're asonable doubt ' ? is it that we never convict when we admit the possibility of innocence ? by this argument , any juror should <> ) realize that juries have convicted the innocent <> ) realize he is on a jury , no better or worse than past juries <> ) realize that if he convicts , then he may be one of those jurors who convicts an innocent person <> ) therefore refuse to convict , ever i think that most people are incapable of thinking along such honest statistical lines , so they embrace the myth that ' merely probably guilty ' people are not convicted
4	this is also not how the law works juries are explicitly instructed that " reasonable doubt " makes no reference to statistical probability juries are instructed that if they think the accused is probably guilty , or likely guilty , then they must acquit him a criminal conviction based on " probable guilt " is an invalid conviction is n't the determination of whether " the accused is probably guilty , or likely guilty " fundamentally a question of information certainty and reliability ? surely any attempt to formalize such concepts involves some measure of probability while i might say that i believe some event e occurred at some time t , internally i perceive this statement to be one of probabilty your statement on the legal interpretation of probability is equivalent to suggesting i could not enter any post priori statements or decisions while on a jury because , to me , all post priori statements are fundamentally probabilistic and you miss the point of the entire concept of a fair trial and justice the object of the justice system is not to produce patterns of conviction that line up with statistics within a margin of error the object is to punish the guilty and to let the innocent go free the object is that it 's better to let <> guilty people go free than to convict a single innocent person a miscarriage of justice is not a statistical outlier , it is a fundamental failure of the entire system and calls its legitimacy into question once again , i think you are making statements that do not conform to any rigorous , mathematical worldview anonymous coward 's statement did exclude the necessity for judicial systems to strongly favor false negatives ( letting the guilty go ) over false positives ( jailing the innocent ) taking this into account , it would be simple to create a appropriate weighing function to compare the ' correctness ' of various judicial implementations and while there do exist circumstances where the ideal weighted solution is not the most accurate , i find it dangerous to embark on any real world fact finding without accuracy as a necessary virtue ideally , given enough accuracy ( whether this is judicially possible is another issue altogether ) the need for false positives to be stringently controlled does vanish , although such accuracy very rarely occurs in real life a miscarriage of justice is not a statistical outlier but from a mathematical or statistical perspective it is certainly an outlier , at least for a reliable , accurate process why is your perspective more correct that the mathematical one ?
8	the only evidence is that he had sex with her he has never denied that , because why would he ? evidence of sex is not evidence of rape i'm sorry that reality does not coincide with your evil white man rapes poor black woman narrative
6	why would i ? it 's <> jesus , get out of the bronze age
2	never trust a muslim i am from the middle east and know my own people by nature muslims are brought up to be haters and thiefs
6	why do we need to obey french law ? i doubt they follow ours
4	thanks , but that 's people repeating what someone else has told them that that they heard from someone else sounds like the typical hearsay you get whenever anyone gets accused of a crime
4	that sounds like more than just " rough sex " are you going to contrive some explanation about the maid being into s & m ? are you going to contrive some explanation about the maid not being into s & m , or are you that familiar with her sex life ? also , before you jump down my throught claiming i'm just supporting the white guy because that 's how i want it to be , i'm not i just find it laughable that you 're claiming that people are turning a blind eye on him for questioning her , you 're unflinching support of her story adn questioning his is a little pot kettle
4	i do n't think personal quarrels and affairs should be publicized , that is all of course no one will agree that affairs , rape , etc are n't serious matters it 's just as terrible , however , how the media launches such sweeping attacks even without a formal verdict i'm simply sick of how often the media ' jumps the gun ' if dsk did in fact force the hotel maid to perform sexual acts then obviously he should be reprimanded far too often , however , have decent politicians been ousted for entirely irrelevant issues i'm openly using hyperbole when i say this , but who cares if a pervert is in office if he 's doing a damn good job ? i guess that is politics though top wall street officials can dance around with their prostitutes all they want and no one bothers as soon as a politician lays even a hand on a woman other than his wife he 's dubbed as an evil doer
4	it 's a somber thought knowing that your position as the head of the imf and potentially as future president of france ( or why not just generalize and say all political life ) have been ruined based on meager , unsubstantiated claims it is pathetic to see how the media immediately jumped to such tremendous claims without waiting for legitimate court rulings and evidence need i mention the complete disregard for french law by publishing photos of dsk in handcuffs ? my hat goes off to dsk , given he is declared innocent i believe he is i cannot fathom what it must be like to have one 's career so seemingly beaten down to a pulp by the repugnant fists of the media seeking after 'a good headline '
4	sure , this is a valid approach if you have a data set as input to build your chain , and another data set to validate your approach where will you get such a ( known good ) data set ? the academic and police literature , on the subject of rape now i do n't see why you need two sets , rather than peer reviewed estimates from the body of criminal science you would get probability distributions ( error bounds ) for your inputs , and you 'd integrate over them to get your final answer let me clarify my beliefs here that there is nothing wrong with bayesian methods , but there is a problem with implementing it in this case i agree with many of your qualms for political and psychological reasons , i think we will never let go the myths that underly today 's justice system this bayesian argument should not be the deciding factor , either it could be only one additional weight that is given to the jury , to consider along with the evidence for this circumstance surely , the opposite is done all the time " ladies and gentlemen of the jury , do you think that this upstanding citizen standing before you , a man unsullied by previous accusations , would commit such a crime ? " the logic is already embraced , but only in one direction do i expect this sort of reasoning to be applied in the courts ? no do i see it as a valid way of thinking about innocence and guilt outside the courts ? yes
4	in the hypothesis that the ump would have had something to do with it , the essential point would have been to discredit dsk , not necessarily to have put him behind bars for years of course , the main concern would be that it could not be traced back this said , i suppose the nypd cyrus vance made some phone calls and french government embassy said " do as you please , we wo n't interfere " the opportunity was too good to be true
4	you decided to change " physical signs of rape " into " physical signs of rough sex " for no reason other than the fact that you 'd prefer this to be the case the police found blood at the scene that sounds like more than just " rough sex " are you going to contrive some explanation about the maid being into s & m ?
4	no , my point was that just because she has a history of lying does not mean she was not raped that 's not my point either i'm saying that the likelihood that that she is telling the truth is decreased by her past lies i noticed you edited your remark from can we use her proven history of lying to say she was much more likely to be lying about being raped ? to can we use her proven history of lying to state she was lying about being raped ? you deliberately modified the bit relevant to my point , and to which i responded , and now you 're pretending you said something else ! innocent until proven guilty you communist oh my !
4	i see , and in fairy reddit hivemind land , being a leftist means you 're good to go
5	not only he is a socialist , he tried and seemingly succeeded to spread more leftist views in the imf and in fact , the imf seemed to appreciate him very much , given he led the organization back to the forefront according to wikipedia " strauss kahn made comments that could be perceived as critical of global financial actors , in an interview for a documentary about the late <> financial crisis , inside job ( <> ) he said he had attended a dinner organised by former treasury secretary henry paulson in which several ceos of ' the biggest banks in the u s' had admitted they ( or perhaps bankers in general ) were ' too greedy ' and bore part of the responsibility for the crisis they said the government " 's hould regulate more , because we are too greedy , we ca n't avoid it ' " strauss kahn said he warned the officials of a number of departments of the u s government of an impending crisis he also said " at the end of the day , the poorest as always pay the most " referring to his diplomatic efforts to secure imf aid for europe following the <> sovereign debt crisis , economist simon johnson described strauss kahn as " metternich with a blackberry " in may <> , referring to the imf 's change of heart in favour of progressive rather than neoliberal values , joseph stiglitz wrote that strauss kahn had proved himself to be a " sagacious leader " of the institution following strauss kahn 's arrest for sexual assault in new york , economist eswar prasad said that should he be forced to step down , the imf " will find it hard to find as effective and skilful an advocate for keeping the institution central to the global monetary system "
1	here , for this case , there is no need for anonymity , nothing is at stake for the informant the source has said " the maid got the job at the midtown hotel because her union saw her as an earner " so basically he accuses his bosses ( and the whole fucking industry , basically ) of running a prostitution ring and you 're saying nothing is at stake are you fucking crazy ? ? secondly , even if she worked as a prostitute , that is no reason to disregard the rape charges yes it is , especially if it 's a " he said she said " situation and she discussed how she 's gonna cash in on it because " he 's rich and i know what i'm doing "
1	my point was that the source is unidentified while the refutation is on the record and my point is that you have no point their statement means absolutely nothing ( unless you 're so fucking naive that you expect corrupt criminal organizations to fucking indict themselves ) for all we know , this reporter made the source up well , everything they 're saying makes perfect sense and fits into the bigger picture but others will be looking into it and i'm sure there will be a publication with enough credibility for you
1	it 's from a single source man , i'm sure you could find more than one knowledgeable guy from that hotel who would be willing to talk the management would just hand you over the list of employees and you would make those people expose their bosses and risk their careers for fucking nothing because you are so fucking awesome please report back to us tomorrow about your progress ! which provided no corroborating evidence like pictures of other powerful world leaders getting blowjobs from her ? or signed , official pimping contracts ? that would help ? man , i guess i 'll just email the un and they 'll start collecting corroborating evidence for you ! i'm kind of getting tired of the stupidity of r worldnews
4	this and the taped phone conversation with her pimp where she discussed the possibility of cashing in on the situation settles it for me she also returned to clean this and another room before reporting the " crime " to her supervisor , and then lied about this and i'm glad i do n't have to reevaluate my judgement of people , because this guy ( http www youtube com watch ? v qviodu4nqza ) 's not a rapist
1	stop calling the people at the ny post " journalism " it 's a fucking tabloid
1	she does n't even belong to the union that 's supposedly her pimp that 's irrelevant the accusation is that somebody had selected her as an " earner " who 's contradicted by an on the record union official why , what the fuck did you expect ? ? ? " yes , sir , we 're hiring and promoting personell that 's willing to suck cock that 's what we do that 's how the system works "
4	i like this quote because it 's the truth my problem is that many innocent men have their lives ruined by false accusations why do you support evil liars ?
6	why do you support evil liars ?
4	thanks for that link this makes it seem much more likely that he indeed raped her what makes me doubt her side is this ( http mobile nytimes com article ? a <> & single <> & f <> ) when the conversation was translated a job completed only this wednesday investigators were alarmed " she says words to the effect of , 'do n't worry , this guy has a lot of money i know what i'm doing , ' " the official said or her bank records very difficult to tell what happened from the outside
6	you really love this quote , do n't you ? you cited it twelve times in less than twenty four hours in various subreddit what 's your problem dude ? besides , citing kanin who has long been discredited might not be the strongest argument you could make to support a fellow perv
1	well , you are clearly forgetting that aggressive military expansionism is okay as long as you are not a western nation god , what is it with people and not always blaming the united states do n't they like , read books and stuff ?
1	wow somebody has no fucking sense of humour
1	i fucking lol 'd
4	lol there is no way we can properly outfit the afp without spending a ridiculous amount of money considering most of their stuff is equipment we gave sold them from the korean and vietam era wars i saw their airforce practice with f51 mustangs and i have pulled out kia 's out of huey helicopters after a gun fight with the asg this is ridiculous
2	just routine cock waiving between china and a u s vassal neither one of them is dumb enough to set off a naval conflict well , i hope not anyway
8	the philippines navy is very poorly outfitted , and not a match to the chinese by any measure , they would be squashed in any confrontation the us probably wo n't be able to supply them with any significant firepower
6	nothing will come of it , we are too tied economically with china and we ca n't handle them militarily ( i mean we are n't going to march to the capital and put up stupid mission accomplished banners )
6	i think the u s should definitely provide military aid to everyone around china possibly provide them with terrorist training like the al qaeda predecessor in afghanistan , they were great at fighting the soviet union back then )
2	arming a foreign country to fight a proxy war that policy never backfires cough iraq cough afghanistan cough
6	for all the tens of billions in aid taiwan has received , military planners in the west have calculated that it would withstand a chinese assault for about <> <> days at best , maybe only <> hours before it was occupied in the case of phillipines , lol this is a naval scenario and phillipines will never even have a hope in hell it 's piss poor , and us is broke , military aid is just to buy some influence in their regime two million filipinos were slaughtered by the us during it 's occupation of the country after they took over from the spanish
2	why would china want to invade the philippines ? do n't they have enough backwards peasants and ugly women already ? i mean , when the best your country has to offer is a bunch of malls , its time to just pack it in and admit defeat
2	there 's a reason why the u s is arming up people around china forget about going in yourself , if you give arms to those neighbouring china , you 're <> ) creating pressure , <> ) " making friends " , and <> ) ensuring that you have some reach into the area by being the main arms provider this whole thing is a bit murky is the u s right for arming these countries ? is china right for trying to bully its way into taking the south seas ? both are probably no , but international politics is a cruel mistress
2	yeah back in the <> we used to have some huge military bases there until the <> a volcano , filipino nationalism , and disgust over us military patronage of local prostitutes were all factors in the closing of the last us bases there !
4	the u s should attribute <> trillion dollars to outfit philippines with a military that can withstand china i think that 's a great idea
2	i'm sure people will see the us as the bad guys again for helping to enforce a un resolution , just like what happened with iraq did you know that china is trying to claim the entire south china sea despite having even signed a un treaty defining a nation 's territory as extending <> miles from its shores ? the bastards are trying to build oil wells on filipino territory !
2	the us essentially does that with japan and korea already anyways the notion that it can afford to completely revamp the military of the philippines , which still relies on remittances from overseas filipinos as a principal means of attracting foreign money its sovereign public debt is already pretty high at <> in short , the us would essentially be paying for that country 's military entirely , which is simply unfeasible
2	well i suppose i 'll have to wait and see what the result is here i think i recall that the economist 's view was that china is picking on a weak neighbor to try to take something that is n't rightfully theirs
2	i think that the reefs in question are within <> miles of the palawan coastline am i wrong about the locations of the reefs or are the chinese now disputing that palawan 's not a philippine territory ?
8	i'm well aware of the uncls , but most of that deals with distance from coastlines when said coastlines are in dispute ( in this case the islands ) the potential exclusive economic zones of the countries involved vary wildly
2	http www gmanews tv story <> nation phl pushes rule of law in west philippine sea at un meet http en wikipedia org wiki united nations convention on the law of the sea you 're trying too hard no need to go back <> , <> years when there 's a treaty from less than <> years ago that the peoples republic of china signed the land in question here is within <> miles of filipino coastline and is , by the very standards that china recently agreed to adhere to , filipino territory
2	ahmadinejad is still too moderate toward the us the religious elders think , i feel they are the guys really pulling the strings
6	so the war on drugs is working ?
1	buy an ad or fuck off , fucking spammer
4	it 's a deal the government parties had to agree to in a trade of votes for pushing back retirement age to aid the economy , pushed by a far right party of course now , the government has to pretend to actually like the idea other things they had to agree on reducing the width of the unplowed land belt between fields and streams and free wifi at universities ( which of course was already there , but the politician who wanted it did n't realize ) tl dr politicians suck
3	that 's narrow minded in the extreme there 's a little more at stake here
4	i'm actually for this ! i mean , i 'll gladly start paying for music movies instead of pirating them , if it means that online credit card fraud , child pornography , and the rest of unlawful activity are potentially stopped does your privacy mean so much to you that you would n't stop potential victims of crime , being victimized at all ? ! ? ! ? all the gov ' t would learn from my internet usage , is that i visit reddit far too often , and that i like internet porn fill your boots
4	and the police has also admitted they do n't use all the eu mandated data that is logged about internet traffic either so this is just an example of bureaucrats being assholes more interesting is that there is a good chance this is against eu privacy laws already and the human rights convention
6	i'm saying that i was unable to find the " politiken " article i checked the page again and i still ca n't find it if you see it , could you please link to it ?
6	of course the police want to id you to use the net they want id on everything you do they want to know what dead trees you read , what you buy , who you talk to , what you say , what ( il ) legal meds you take and more no is the only answer
2	shit
2	i had hoped this was n't true , so i bought today 's printed politiken , and it 's all in there the headline translated " suggestion all use of the internet will be registered " the politiken article includes a lot of critique aimed at the suggestion , and the one from computerworld is just a shortened version of it , sans the " expert opinions " here 's an example of the criticism ( translated to the best of my abilities ) " we have become democratically lazy , and do not imagine that this kind of of data can be misused but of course it can it 's an unnecessary and effect less intrusion in people 's privacy the ones who this means to stop , will find another way the terrorists will always be one step ahead " i hope this shit does n't make it past this so called " working group " it 's very upsetting that our politicians are willing to sell out on people 's privacy for the sake of fighting an illusory threat on top of that , the danish police seem to be doing alright stopping terrorism without having to keep tabs on all our citizens idiots
6	i did n't know denmark suffers so much from terrorism
6	this certainly sounds serious , but i 've looked around and have n't been able to find any other sources for this google shows one other article which seems to be a word for word copy of this one i do n't subscribe to politiken , so i do n't know if it was in the print version for today and has n't been put online yet ( it 's not on their site at any rate ) and it 's not on the ministry of justice 's site ( http www justitsministeriet dk ) either my hunch is therefore that these are rumours speculations which have been exaggerated at any rate , until i see another source , i'm very skeptical
2	what ? ah , it 's a recommendation by a working group under the justice department the current set of danish politicians both in government and opposition may be incompetents , but they ought to barely recognise a political suicide when they see one if not , they can be made to learn what one looked like and if that is n't enough we 'll see the bastards in the streets and my axe
4	yeah good luck with that
5	this is disappointing
4	perfect , musicians might get to eat finally
1	i'm danish , and fuck everything about that
8	i think that " almost " might be the difference between going home and doing hard labor in a north korean prison for the rest of your short life
4	clever they 're making sure that visitors from other governments , the red cross and other people are only able to get to places they 've specifically set up to look nice germany did this as well , i believe
4	lol this statement inspired this ( http i imgur com ncbcg png )
4	lol this statement inspired this ( http i imgur com ncbcg png )
4	they certainly do n't have these delicious baby back ribs , though holding a gun is great i guess , but munching on a steak is better military victory ? diplomatic victory ? nah buddy , culinary victory
4	duly noted , thank you belgiansexwaffle
5	i 've read that among reservist troops , and a lot of soldiers not manning the dmz fortifications , malnutrition is becoming increasingly common
1	they are not , at least not the ones that are guarding the border according to the documentary " yoduk stories " , the guards of the border can easily cross , but they do n't want to for several reasons first of all , their families will most likely suffer , and get thrown in to the concentration camps killed , tortured , idk second , they are most likely fed well , and kept happy by the government
7	this is n't really news there is a book out called nothing to envy by barbara demick which chronicles the stories of six individuals as they live their lives through a fairly " decent " north korean period and into the period of " decline " that occurred after the death of kim il sung and during the famine that ravaged the country i use the terms " decent " and " decline " because the situation in korea was n't always this terrible people used to have food now , they do not there was one passage in the book that really struck me a bunch of women actually started up makeshift markets trying to avoid embarrassment by admitting that he could n't feed his people , kim jong il kind of ignored their presence and did n't crack down on them various things were sold in these markets , but as times got worse , rumors of human flesh began to appear the woman in the book was having a discussion with another woman who had claimed to have eaten human flesh he summation was that " if you did n't know what it was , you would swear that it was beef or pork "
6	when did cannibalism ever leave dprk ?
2	great documentary on n korea called " state of mind " i believe
5	that is sad for a country that has so much viable land to grow edible vegetation
6	as sad as it is , i'm not surprised when i lived in korea my ( adult ) students told me about north korean coworkers of theirs who had stories about markets full of human meat and human feces ( for fertilizer )
1	to be fair , it would be akin to saying " fuck you obama " or " fuck you bush " , does n't necessarily need a given name
2	a pun thread in response to indecency ? seriously ? i could stomach it just fine
4	not if he was referring to sweet baby rays bbq f'n sweet taste is more like it
4	did you experience any crazy shit there ? sorry but i'm kinda interested haha
4	mmm , i was being facetious ( fecetious ? ) , though it would n't surprise me if they had to feed that kind of offal to their animals
2	i'm not surprised either while <> documented cases might not seem like a lot to some , that does n't change the fact that these people are so desperate for food that they 're willing to risk having their entire family thrown into labor camps
6	so why did they use a picture of a food truck from los angeles ?
4	eating skinny n koreans would suck i guess it 's a nice change from rice every now and then
1	one case of cannibalism and you can draw the conclusion that they are now fucking eating other people to survive ? hilarious propaganda against communism as usual let 's face it , majority of the people who have died in places like cuba , iraq , iran and n korea over the years due to poverty could be directly attributed to the economic sanctions placed on them
6	so why did they use a picture of a food truck from los angeles ?
2	as someone outside the us , i can honestly say that i hate hulu (
2	yeah , it 's a state run tour guides hover over you and take you only to preplanned locations visitors never get to see the real north korea you are the type of ignorant audience member that the vice guide panders to
2	ironically addressed in max brooks ' world war z the entire population of north korea disappears entirely , presumably into underground shelters nobody is willing to go looking for them because a ) they left behind more than a few booby traps , and b ) zombies might have gotten into the shelters and they 'd be risking letting a few million zombies back into the world
4	all of those are excellent reads i highly suggest them as well
6	hmmm , a country that allows its infrastructure to fall apart , turns a blind eye to ever increasing poverty and desperation , conducts widespread and unaccountable surveillance of its entire citizenry , sees nothing wrong with having a massive prison population held on ever weaker pretenses , run by a ruling class wholly insulated against the negative effects , all while funneling ever increasing amounts of national treasure into a military that vastly outstrips any rational need , and whose existence is justified by dishonest caricatures of an insidious external " enemy " that in reality exists largely only in response to the nation 's own violent antics and is actually unable or unwilling to inflict real harm why does that sound so familiar ?
4	yup but look on the bright side , a few generations of this and the immunities the surviving koreans have will prove useful in developing treatments and cures to prion diseases
2	believe it or not , there are plenty of sources within north korea that can and will leak things like this to the south this is nothing compared to some of the information coming out of north korea , which is far more damaging than mere cannibalism
2	believe it or not , there are plenty of sources within north korea that can and will leak things like this to the south this is nothing compared to some of the information coming out of north korea , which is far more damaging than mere cannibalism
4	wow i 've never seen it expressed that way , but the parallels are striking
2	exactly that 's why more people do n't leave if you escape they 'll kill your whole family if you try to escape with your whole family , you 're more likely to get caught also there is extended family
2	seems their infrastructure is a million miles away from being able to support that kind of fuck up i mean , i do n't know if arable crops can suck up bad prions from the soil , but i doubt that the people who can afford to eat offal are the ones selling their shit
4	eel is actually very tasty
4	this is actually not that uncommon in asia , it 's often called " night soil " and feces in general make good fertilizer
4	eel is actually very tasty
2	what percentage of rapes around the world go undocumented ? cannibalism is arguably the most heinous and taboo activity that a human can engage in , which makes it that much more difficult to document
2	i remember watching the documentary , " seoul train " and seeing a north korean escapee who said he was once in his house and saw a crowd of people gathering around his neighbor 's house he went over to visit and found that they were gathered around a pot he opened the lid and they were cooking a baby
6	if this is the start of a zombie outbreak then i ca n't say i'm surprised at the country of origin
2	that website is shit
2	are you kidding me ? north korea runs organized tours for foreign visitors there are almost no restrictions on americans who wish to join a tour of north korea there are a few us travel agencies you can go through to get on a tour the vice guide people either did no research and blindly went to asia or deliberately deceived their audience to attempt to uphold some notion that n korea is impossible to get into their film shows all the locations that the preplanned state tour hits all they saw was the same facade and stupid shows that every other foreign visitor gets to see they just added idiotic commentary
1	seriously i could n't get past all the fucking ads
4	flawless joke
8	i agree north korea has always had far more in terms of material resources south korea 's most important resource is , and always has been , the intelligence , diligence , and determination her people is still do n't understand how you went from this t he economic divergence from south korea was immediately felt after the korean war to my point is it took less than a generation for nk to go from economically viable to communistic destitution immediately one generation ? or am i misreading you original post ?
2	north korea is one of the hardest countries to enter in the world as a foreigner yet you , from your computer chair , are absolutely certain that the people who actually had access are incorrect i had to stop myself from rolling my eyes because the force generated from this gem of a concept might have blinded me permanently
3	i think it was more a response of fear rather than worship of the great leader
7	i ca n't help but notice the striking similarities to religious types , particularly american christians , who do the exact same thing some doctor or rescue worker works for hours or days to help them , and all they can do is thank the omniscient , omnipotent deity who , according to their dogma , knowingly let them get into the situation in the first place
4	good thing our doctors get paid for it
6	seriously ? you 're joking about forced cannibalism ? that comment was in pretty poor taste
2	not as much as you 'd think i remember an amazing picture by a foreign visitor where soldiers hastily tried to line up in front of a farm tractor , but they were n't fast enough to completely cover up the un logo on the tractor
6	not sure why you 're getting so much hate , that documentary was mediocre at best there are better documentaries out there to recommend to people other than the vice guide
2	yeah it s overrated , reddit loves it though
2	what percentage of rapes around the world go undocumented ? you do realize <> cases of cannibalism is a lowball figure of what is actually going on cannibalism is arguably the most heinous and taboo activity that a human can engage in , which makes it that much more difficult to document
6	eh ? are you asking about eating spoiled meat or are you under the impression that humans are inherently poisonous ?
8	cannibalism is a reality when there is absolutely no other choice " hilarious propaganda " makes me want to facepalm at how little you know about the realities of the world outside of your comfortable room
6	is it just me , or should the title of this post be cannibalism comes to north korea ? question mark included ?
6	a leaked official police document reportedly details at least one case of cannibalism come on
1	this situation is so fucking ridiculous but kim keeps the army fed ( at least a little ) so that they do n't rebel against him so fucking sad there 's going to be nobody left to fuel kim 's impotent rage soon , between the desertions and all the deaths ( from disease , hunger , and " death by state " )
2	so mindless obedience and eats human flesh , all they need is some crocodile and we could shoot a low budget zombie movie
1	fuck you kim
6	at this point how much foreign aid has kim jong il turned away just for the sake of maintaining his self image ?
6	really offtopic , but why murphy ?
2	no first hand personal experience but i can guarantee you that the level of misery in north korea is on par with the worst in the world ( worse than haitan mud cookies ) and the economic divergence from south korea was immediately felt after the korean war the vice guide to north korea , which gives a glimpse of north korea , scratches the surface of how terrible conditions are outside of its major cities i know of female relatives who visited their kins in north korea ( pre tsa ) they smuggled money through their dusty vaginas
6	whoosh !
6	yikes !
1	as opposed to saying " fuck you george " which is much more specific ?
4	human its the new dog
6	why is the us going to feed them we have people here that are starving
6	how long do you have to eat a dead human before the bacteria in the body makes it poisonous ?
6	so why did they use a picture of a food truck from los angeles ?
6	wtf , why is the title of that website the rice bowl is that meant to be ironic ?
2	<> criminal cases of those <> cases of cannabalism this disturbing weird ass country is turning eating other people ! ! ! i'm sure there is widespread hunger but how this article can claim that there is extensive cannabalism from a few cases is baffling what people think they know about this country is disturbing because n korea is so closed off and so little is known about the country , people fill in the blanks with their own ideas it 's our stupidly primitive and innate drive to be curious about the unknown just how people create ghosts and monsters to compensate for the mysterious also , i hope people understand that those videos of little n korean kids playing guitar and n korean girls in a band are simply an extreme facade put on by a ultra paranoid country think about some of the most self conscious people you know and how they come off with strange perfection and blunted affects
1	fuck that website
1	it would be more akin to saying fuck you smith , therefore insulting a hell lot of people named smith
2	and considering the unbridled worship a certain recent ruler was able to command , to the point of some of his prominent supporters suggesting he simply take the throne and slaughter his enemies wholesale , i would n't rule out the same ruler state deity cult of personality showing up either
4	<> internets for you , good sir !
4	haha forgot about that episode but let 's be honest koth is pretty relevant for just about anything
4	thank murphy our finest minds have turned their attention to this sad situation i fully expect the problem to be solved by the weekend
2	very true when they ran out of food supplies in some areas , they ate their pets and livestock when those ran out they turned to insects when insects were n't enough , they turned to tree bark and grass when the land was stripped bare , they turned to the neighbors under the loving care of the fatherly leader ( http www amazon com under loving care fatherly leader dp <> ) details some of this to see the mindset of the average korean , although with a bit of a different thesis than the previous book , i recommend the cleanest race ( http www amazon com cleanest race koreans themselves matters dp <> ) by b r myers ( http www youtube com watch ? v xxpksdshnk0 ) i 've yet to read the aquariums of pyongyang but am getting around to it
2	very true when they ran out of food supplies in some areas , they ate their pets and livestock when those ran out they turned to insects when insects were n't enough , they turned to tree bark and grass when the land was stripped bare , they turned to the neighbors under the loving care of the fatherly leader ( http www amazon com under loving care fatherly leader dp <> ) details some of this to see the mindset of the average korean , although with a bit of a different thesis than the previous book , i recommend the cleanest race ( http www amazon com cleanest race koreans themselves matters dp <> ) by b r myers ( http www youtube com watch ? v xxpksdshnk0 ) i 've yet to read the aquariums of pyongyang but am getting around to it
6	globalpost is strange like that
6	would you rather see a picture of some guy eating some other guy ?
2	once again american sanctions do their job good job americans , look at what you 're doing to more innocent people
2	we are facing the same problem in libya as afghanistan we have a government in power that we know is repressive and will support international terrorism we have a force trying to overthrow it that is marginally capable of running the country and will probably not be on our side when the dust settles help either side and we 're going to be hated and reviled do nothing and we 're going to be hated and reviled
1	what in the fuck is wrong with people
6	so , a place that executes people for homosexual behavior is encouraging homosexual behavior why do n't i quite believe this
4	not that i am a huge financial analyst or guru in the matter i know for a fact that pension fund in russia is already fawked , and people get equivalent of <> month on this but in all reality the worse has already happened in mid <> so this wont be a 's hocker ' for people nor will it impact population too much people already used to 'no money ' concept in na on another hand if the pension fund to fail on similar scale it will be a disaster for the population
4	not that i am a huge financial analyst or guru in the matter i know for a fact that pension fund in russia is already fawked , and people get equivalent of <> month on this but in all reality the worse has already happened in mid <> so this wont be a 's hocker ' for people nor will it impact population too much people already used to 'no money ' concept in na on another hand if the pension fund to fail on similar scale it will be a disaster for the population
8	sorry , but this post has been removed from the sidebar this reddit is for major news from around the world except us related news ( especially us politics )
4	i was thinking the same thing both britain and the euro members should be rejoicing that you all never joined i was never a euro skeptic but it 's clear i should have been the skeptics were right from the beginning
6	why is timoleon being downvoted ? his post adds context , is factually correct and he even gives his source
6	seems reasonable to this outsider , but please correct me if i'm wrong did n't britain fight tooth and nail to stay out of the euro ? why should it suffer along with other countries that were n't as prudent ?
8	seems reasonable we are still a little pissed ireland is being hung out to dry while everyone runs around to save a country that does n't want to save itself the ecb vetoed us when we asked for ireland to be allowed to default i'm not sure we should do them any favours
2	when the euro crashes and the continent slips into recession , its not going to be spain or greece rioting in the streets it 's going to be the germans who have coddled this supranational disaster from the start
2	we are still a little pissed , you mean you are still drunk ?
1	we are still a little pissed ireland is being hung out to dry that 's not true ! ireland is part of the eu rescue package and gets money from it the ecb vetoed us when we asked for ireland to be allowed to default i'm not sure we should do them any favours of course they do n't allow you to default the whole bail out rescue package is about not letting the countries default and believe me you do n't want to default ! a default does n't mean a fresh start ! it means that you wo n't get any money on the open market at all !
4	type <> diabetic here , former fat bastard i went from <> kg to <> so far , and i did it nice and slow over <> years i 've gone from taking pills twice a day to three or four times a week and my blood sugar has stabilised as tempted as i am with the idea of ditching the condition for good , i do n't think i could survive on <> calories a day without wanting to bite the head off a passing vegan
4	all cia du does n't like journalists watch this http www obamaslibya com they are vid 's of the " rebels " warning these will be the most horrific vids you have ever seen in your life
7	i hope he is for the sake of all civilians
1	how the hell is this news ? ! not sure what it 's like in <> , but back in <> someone was shot dead every half an hour in rio anyone who has <> minutes spare , watch this http www youtube com watch ? v lnv mquh ao
4	came here to mention that this has been happening a lot lately
4	came here to mention that this has been happening a lot lately
4	came here to mention that this has been happening a lot lately
4	came here to mention that this has been happening a lot lately
4	i have n't seen it mentioned , but the article clearly goes into the different dogs that have been called riot dog thanks though
1	i do n't know about driving or medical care , but saying they lack in weapons proficiency is bs i 've spent <> months with volunteer forces in my country , to give you a perspective , the volunteer army is shittier than their conscript counterparts everything from training to equipment we probably went through maybe <> <> rounds ( maybe less ) each , with shitty m70 rifles ( ak variants ) and people could still hit moving targets at reasonable distances consistently i ca n't believe that a professionally army would have trouble with weapon proficiency i simply refuse to
5	from conquering france to not even being able to use their weapons properly what a sad decline
6	why would they ever let anyone from nk be involved in the un ?
4	actually , israel is n't a signatory of the fourth geneva convention ( but it 's probably jus cogens anyway ) however it does not forbid collective punishment it forbids punishing civilians instead of the military in the wars of today where there 's a hazy line between who 's a soldier and who 's a civilian ( and they all dress alike ) the geneva convention is n't an easy thing to follow there 's is a distinction since humanitarian aid gets trough and military aid does n't goldstone at least claims israel did not attempt to harm civilians , see his article it the post from earlier this year there 's also a question about the type of punishment you ca n't impose criminal like punishments , and you ca n't argue a blockade is a criminal like punishment you can impose a navy blockade of any state you 're at war with , unless you control their territory the division of israel controlling the air and water of gaza follows the oslo accords , but hamas controls the actual territory
4	while i may not agree with any political motivations behind the ban on allowing the flottilla ship to leave port , it is in fact illegal to leave port without the proper authorization , and there 's a good chance leaving port requires having a port pilot on board to safely comply with local regulations additionally , that ship is not equipped designed to safely transport <> people and supplies now it may have had less on board , but ships capsize from being poorly loaded entirely too often when a ship leaves port they have to have file paperwork that states its exact loading conditions , and has to state that these conditions are within the ships safe design conditions additionally , approval is required allowing ships to leave port without being safely loaded , or without a port pilot to safely maneuver through a congested port is dangerous had the greek gov ' t allowed the ship to do leave , and it had capsized , we would be reading an article about how the greek gov ' t allowed the deaths of <> people , instead of how it brought them safely back to port again , i do n't agree with holding a ship in port for political reasons , and while that may be the case here it is also possible that the ship was unsafe and , for the record , a ship leaving port without the approval of the port , is similar to an airplane taking off from jfk without air traffic controls approval it could end so poorly it 's not worth doing
4	there are various reports by human rights organizations like amnesty international , human rights watch , and physicians for human rights that have also come to the conclusion that israel deliberately targets civilians so it 's not just the un
5	this is the list of items that are not permitted the post you cited is either incorrect or a lie his sources are all outdated at the end of june <> israel significantly eased the blockade his sources are all from before that this is the actual list of items banned from gaza http www mfa gov il mfa humanitarianaid palestinians lists controlled entry items <> jul <> htm johnfpublics list is outdated , truly sad to see reddit cluelessly upvoting it
8	i'm sorry , but the fact that israel delivers cloths does not contradict the claim that cloths are banned ? here is a claim made by that post " at one time all of the following was either outright banned or restricted by israel " here is what is actually said in the link provided for the post " crayons , stationary , soccer balls , and musical instruments have been , at times , banned for import " it then goes on to say that other reports claim they are not banned so how is it not a contradiction when the article used claims almost exactly the opposite of what the poster is claiming ? if you go even further you will see that the list of materials is based on what many palestinian business men deem is being banned now i am sure many items are banned , but this list used is no way official all one needs to do is claim that they were not allowed to have something shipped and it 's on the list it does n't require any kind of proof for the reason but somehow you already decided it was banned without even bothering to research the links the reason for that is the real issue at hand
4	that 's funny because the un supervised the cargo from the last flotilla group and when you say the un , i think you mean certain parties in the un ? the reason it 's hard to deliver construction material is because hamas keeps taking that material and using it for military purposes if hamas would stop making its goal to attack israel , they would n't have to put restrictions on building material as for your request i did a google search and came up with hundreds of links to examples the biggest one as mentioned was the last flotilla which everyone was up in arms about , so here is one of the <> of result pages http www humanistnewswire com <> <> irin middle east israel opt flotilla html
3	or if you ask israel , all palestinians are terrorists see , not targeting civilians ) u mad ?
4	yea really why should only one side be armed ? why should the israelis be able to shoot palestinians like fish in a barrel ?
6	yeah really why ?
4	the fact of the matter is that israel provides more humanitarian aid to gaza than anyone else that 's like a farmer feeding his animals israel feeds the palestinians which they view as their animals who are kept in small corrals in order to keep them alive the point is to make their palestinians dependent on them and only them for their very survival if they allowed just anybody to deliver goods into gaza the people of gaza might eat foods israel does not want them to eat and might not be dependent on israel for their lives israel ca n't live with that possibility the palestinians must be dependent on them for their very lives
4	it 's a protest you know like the protests in syria and bahrain like syria and bahrain , israel shoots at protestors and kills some of them
6	why should only one side of this conflict be armed ? really ?
1	israel is doing what it needs to defend itself good thing for greece for being level headed , a lot of blood could have been spilled violating a naval blockade this shit happened last year , fuckwits never learn
8	hamas and organizations like it do n't believe infidels have the right to live on any land that muslims conquered at any point in history they 'll never be content with just palestine it 's just a cute rallying cry to garner sympathy from the starbucks socialists
4	because it 's not true this claim comes from an article that was reporting a temporary incident during a conflict what they 're trying to do is make you think that israel has a policy on not allowing water or water purification systems when israel in fact has been helping gaza develop such systems right now they are working on pipelines between israel and gaza so they can help treat the waste while providing extra clean water but that article being from <> would n't mention that nor does the poster mention the conflict at the time that was the center of the actual issue all that is mentioned is israel denies water purification is that very honest ? what kind of crime is it to leave out important information in an attempt to mislead readers ? sorta like how in march this year a flotilla full of weapons and missiles was stopped by the israeli naval blockade but no one seems to have any problem with that i just really really wish people would actually read the articles they are using for these claims i wish they would follow the links to the very sources anyone can do this you go to the article , you click on it 's source , follow it 's source , until you get to the original story and that 's just assuming the direct article the poster read is being dishonest and leaving this information out as if they are getting it from a reputable news source , such information would have been included should it not be important to note that gaza now has treatment plants ? they did just before that article was published too , but the battle at that time between hamas and israel damaged a lot of the piping just to put things in perspective in the <> quarter of <> , just before the big flotilla incident israel delivered <> , <> tons of supplies to gaza including <> billion gallons of purified water <> , <> tons of wheat <> , <> tons of rice <> , <> tons of clothes and footwear <> tons of milk powder and baby food <> , <> head of cattle into gaza <> , <> tons of medical equipment and medicine that 's just in one <> month period the flotilla that everyone loves to talk about brought a couple of tons of expired medical supplies http www mfa gov il mfa about the ministry behind the headlines israeli humanitarian lifeline gaza <> may <> htm
3	<> ) in the <> day war isreal was not attacked or invaded <> ) the palestinian people were not one of the potential aggressors <> ) countries do n't usually keep the land they gain in a defensive war , france did n't keep part of germany , now if you want to model yourselves after the ussr then it does make more sense <> ) if you are going to talk about how many innocent israelis have died ( about <> , <> since september <> ) you should consider the <> , <> palestinians , in fact more palestinian children have died <> , <> than all israelis put together i 'd also debate the no reason <> ) it is important to remember that zionist terrorism was used to help found israel ( for reference <> innocent brits died ) <> ) it should be noted that the only claim jews have to palestine is from a fictional book
4	they get to keep that piece of land yes , in the <> , that was true two world wars later the human race realized that this was n't such a bright idea , and it is very much illegal under international law to annex land by use of force to stop the missiles coming into the territory , they blockaded it so that 's why pasta and musical instruments were banned from being imported ? too much risk of penne bombs being dropped on israel ? or maybe flying guitars ? put any other country 's name in place of israel 's , like say the united states , and imagine what would happen ? please the united states has consistently been criticised for its foreign policy and for its involvement in several wars do n't you think that the u s would pulverize and " shock and awe " anybody who did that to them ? how would that make it right ? collective punishment is wrong no matter what the circumstances if you want to talk about warcrimes , how about you talk about how many innocent israelis have had to die for no reason ? when israel invaded gaza in <> , killing <> , <> people the majority of whom were civilians , around <> had died in the span of <> years as a result of rocket fire
4	yes would you like some intellectual assistance in working out why it is still considered to be occupied ? i have my explanations ready if the task is too much for you
6	it 's also based on a single humanitarian group that does n't make the claims of that group wrong , but it 's just the take of a single group who is known for being on one side their intention is to do everything they can to paint israel in the worst light and gaza in the best and what aggregation ? they do n't explain any requirements for what goes on their list all one has to do is be a palestinian businessman who says they were not allowed to get an item if one guy could n't get some chocolate , it 's on the list and now we can claim that israel bans chocolate i am sure many of the claims on their list are legitimate and i would n't dismiss them simply because they have a bias , but at the same time , i cannot conclude that israel bands all of these things using just their criteria especially when some of them have been demonstrated to be incorrect a major part of the problem is that hamas does anything it can to launch attacks on israel and as a result the innocent people have to suffer many items have dual uses and if it can be used for building weapons ( many foods can be ) then hamas does it all they have to do is stop attacking israel has made steps towards a peaceful goal such as easing up the restrictions when some of them were pointed out to be completely uneeded they gave back gaza because they agrees that it no longer qualifies as a buffer zone once you start building on it they even gave all the buildings in tact to the palestinians what did hamas do ? it destroyed all of the infrastructure the jews built in gaza because it was built by jews so they destroyed that infrastructure , and now have to depend more on israel but to many here that 's israel 's fault
4	so parts are counted as exports , and completed machines are exports , but not machines that are almost assembled from parts ? personal experience the internet likes citations otherwise , the internet might think you 're full of shit
4	he spent <> years of his life in the us , it is a well known fact you can call me a conspiracy theory for as much as you like but i am absolutely convinced that he likes the us israel alliance in the case , he did not exactly commit treason , but he did took sides in my opinion , greece should probably remain neutral , as other countries around try to do
1	i 've actually upvoted you on all accounts for your efforts to commit yourself to a reasonable debate , which unfortunately for you , you are not bound to have with me this is simply due to me being bored stupid and lacking facts off the top of my head to use as arguments i have an opinion , which is comprised of my own personal experiences my esteemed opinion of the usa is that it is a country full of loud mouthed buffoons who actually believe their cool aid of being the greatest nation on the world us capitalist foreign policies towards the third world are those of an imperialist vasall state economy that will tolerate genocide abroad , as long as it serves your own interests i hate the bipartisan political system filled with constituents who are loud mouthed morons , appeasing loud mouthed morons while lining their pockets with corporate money i hate feeling unsafe in the us i hate the lack of culture and the way you abuse your poor i hate your penal system even though i am not a criminal the usa was founded on some great principles which are today being abused and anyone who questions the course of action is quickly labled un american i fucking hate so much about the us but at the same time i love a lot as well but if me hating on stupid loud mouthed americans can make them think about " why they no like us ? " for just a second , i 've had some small impact americans like to go parade around how great they are when most of them are poorly educated with a very narrow insight into world politics and happenings this is not a matter of jealousy its pity i'm from central europe and have lived in the us as well
2	it 's a universal thing really , everyone hates jews wonder why that is , because you 're such glorious people ? or because you 're the scum of the earth ? stealing other people 's land is definitely a move only jewish character could stand behind i applaud your shameless exhibition of zealotry and ignorance turkey will wipe the floor with you should it come to blows compare turks ' military history with jewish oh wait , you 've only been a country ( if squatting qualifies for such an equivalence ) for the last <> years , you have no history
1	do n't get angry mate it 's just a simple conversation think of it this way , there is absolutely nothing you can do to stop us from boycotting israel we do it because it works if it did not work , you ( and people like you ) would n't be so fretful of the idea i believe anonymous coward already deflated part of your argument about the israeli economy you 're starting to bore me , so whatever you say next , make sure it worthy of a response
4	missles from iran is the propaganda they tell you while trying to divide , demoralize and destroy the will of the palestinians you can try to create a nanny state to watch over the palestinians to prevent them gaining arms , but you 'll never stop them from getting around the blockade the flotillas are a spearhead of international goodwill to the palestinians and their plight the world supports them having basic rights no group of people should be collectively punished the way to increased safety and protection from rockets is to make peace with the palestinians not confining them like a bunch of dangerous animals and how do you make peace ? start by freezing the settlement ( well you might need to get rid of netanyahu ) the world is at a time with many right wing governments in control , its easy to let fear guide us and dehumanize the people we fear but we must recognize this for what it is these hardliners are n't going to solve these problems , at best they 'll keep the status quo
6	the patriots of '76 hid among civilians what are they supposed to do , gather in an open field with targets on their backs ?
6	these boats are not there to deliver humanitarian aid , they are there to violate a naval blockade of course its not about delivering humanitarian aid it 's about the only effective weapon the palestinians have , publicity its gets people asking why is israel blockading gaza ? why is israel so brutal ? from that that a question a whole host of awkward questions flow why do the palestinians fire rockets ? why is malnutrition rife in gaza ? what are the palestinians upset about ? why has this dragged on for <> years whats israel doing in the west bank ? the flotilla is a legitimate way to garner publicity for their cause and raising awareness of the issues this is what israel fears , the worlds attention turning on the question of what israel is doing to the palestinians
1	or , you know , israel could try and make peace so that so that people would n't want to fire missiles at them your argument is basically that you 've locked someone in a room , and you are angry that people come and try to give him food without letting you inspect it , because someone might give him a gun that he 'll shoot you with , and would n't it be much worse if you had to shoot him now to defend yourself
1	israels blockade is fucking atrocious i deal with a company that tried to deliver a machine designed to clean water using solar uv technology for the kids in gaza as part of a charity , and the israelis blocked it fucking stopping kids having access to clean water why aren t the locals seeing common sense and seeing what they are doing ? we have seen in the past what happens when you stand back and don t step up and pressure the govnt
8	i do n't know what israel is trying to do by flexing it muscles irrationally in this way all it is doing is breeding more distrust and more hatred toward the people of israel i have nothing against jews and i have nothing against the citizens of israel i know they are just people like every other people in the world and i try to defend them against unjust attacks that are made against them all over the internet but my sympathy is wearing thin and i'm starting to feel inclined to join the growing uproar that is turning against everything israeli i look and see how they are waging battle against the most hungry most poor most destitute and i'm sorry but my empathy for the people of israel has pretty much run out it 's time for jews to overthrow the zionists
1	this is all due to israel , and has absolutely nothing to do with the actual boats seaworthiness or endangering the passengers , because the freedom flottila is infallible and has no flaws we all know that it 's because they 're against israel and for palestine , so it 's clear ! evil jews at work again , i'm sure sigh fucking reddit
1	good fuck the palies
4	looks like zeus is the more powerful god sucks to find out you wasted your life on the wrong religion
4	talk about piling on unrelated charges it 's not like they had enough legal footing to stop the sailors anyway waiting on the second turkish flotilla to head for gaza , escorted by turkish naval ships we 'll see what 's going to happen then
1	please take your sock puppeting elsewhere gaza is clearly collective punishment of people a who are angry at people b about being systematically deprived of a homeland by people b people b have more force and have oppressive discriminatory practices , and have been perpetrating injustice for <> years thousands of years of history of co deprivation to the peoples who share this rock are irrelevant to current evil
3	yes , but it 's quite curious how hard they 're " going at it " , like the captain is a wanted murderer or terrorist
2	a very small , specific group of jewish sinners from the time of moses do you think any of them are still alive today ? what about matthew <> <> ? look , just be open about it you hate muslims do n't try to rationalize it
1	because the palestinians are waging war , not israel , dumbfuck , israel does not recognize this as a war unilateral actions of israel have probably saved hundreds of thousands of palestinian lives you mean they did n't kill as many people as they could have i wonder if that would work in murder trials see officer , i could have killed a dozen people but i only killed one so i am the good guy !
4	there are always exceptions just like there are palestinians who know co existance with israel is the only way to go
4	and this is a good reason to act like asses and make everyone even angrier , somehow ?
6	what is israel supposed to do ? stop driving a wedge between jews and the rest of humanity there 's no such thing as a jewish state , anymore than a mohican , left handed or gay state
3	failed policy ? the security fence and the gaza blockade have substantially reduced the number of terror attacks , and accordingly , the number of dead israelis it did what numerous negotiation efforts could not in the long term there may be sustainability issues but , from an israeli perspective , you 'd have a hard time making a case that the policy is failed and since it is they who set policy , appealing to them rather than parroting the hivemind soundbyte is what you need to do if you care about change , not just comment karma
1	it 's like this , my foreign friend america is <> you being a foreigner are our personal fucking dog our corrupt fucking politicians send your shit incompetent government our hard earned tax dollars every month so why do n't you do us all a favor and shut your whore fucking mouth the american tax paying citizen owns your bitch ass so kindly do us all a favor and go fuck your whore fucking mother up her asshole if you get out of line , and piss off corporate america , our military will be sent to your country to " bring teh peace and democracies " snicker to your people fucking piece of shit foreigner i as an american tax payer own your fucking bitch ass so now i command you to sing for me i will stalk you on reddit until your bitch ass fucking sings for my american amusement sing me a motherfucking song you stupid fucking savage ! ! !
4	i'm not an arab but i 'd expect just this attitude from an ignorant jew like yourself
4	the purpose of the flotilla is to make a political statement they are pointing out that the people of gaza are suffering a collective punishment a crime against humanity they are being punished for democratically electing in hamas without very brave ( fearless in my eyes as there is a very good chance that the brave brave israeli navy may shoot them dead ) people like the flotilla organisers and the participants we would hear next to nothing about gaza and the crimes that occur there on a daily basis they are protesting peacefully against a brutal regime gaza and the treatment of the palestinians is the world 's shame if you are one of these people that supports israeli actions against the people of gaza you should hang your head in shame the way that you paint israel as the victim and the people of gaza as the aggressors is breathtaking
4	wow , " gaza is a prison , you can visit the prisoners but you will have to do it through the warden " everybody should watch this this is israel 's foremost history professor explaining israel 's policy in the territories http www youtube com watch ? v uflaitmq3zi & t <>
4	not sure if s or wow
1	you really should read up on the flottila incident and how israel was not the instigator or bad guy in that situation http www guardian co uk world <> jun <> gaza flotilla activists autopsy results a <> year old , named as fulkan dogan , who also has us citizenship , was shot five times from less that <> , in the face , in the back of the head , twice in the leg and once in the back two other men were shot four times , and five of the victims were shot either in the back of the head or in the back , said yalcin buyuk , vice chairman of the council of forensic medicine the forensics are pretty ugly how the fuck can you people be so brainwashed by liberal media ! ? ! ? cobra8472 fair and balanced !
6	why is that ?
4	israel 's blockage is to keep gaza at the brink of economic collapse http thelede blogs nytimes com <> <> <> israel planned to keep gazas economy on the brink of collapse leaked cable says you can claim it is about iranian missiles but it is a about a lot more if you read the facts here is a list of all banned items http en wikipedia org wiki goods allowed banned for import into gaza list of items at one time all of the following was either outright banned or restricted by israel books , candles , crayons , clothing , cups , cutlery , crockery , electric appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines , glasses , light bulbs , matches , musical instruments , needles , sheets , blankets , shoes , mattresses , spare machine and car parts , and threads fishing ropes and rods , ginger and chocolate , hatcheries and spare parts for hatcheries batteries for hearing aids have been restricted <> wheelchairs , at various times , have been banned cement , glass , steel , bitumen , wood , paint , doors , plastic pipes , metal pipes , metal reinforcement rods , aggregate , generators , high voltage cables and wooden telegraph poles are high priority reconstruction materials currently with no or highly limited entry into gaza through official crossings israel 's blockage is collective punishment unfortunately david cameron , the current pm of uk says that gaza is an open prison camp http www juancole com <> <> cameron calls gaza under israel blockade a prison camp html you can defend putting one million people into a prison camp and denying basic goods but realize this is what you are doing these people have been living under these conditions for years remember the main issue is that israel has <> <> m non jews in gaza and the west bank which is does n't want to have as citizens ( because it will threaten the jewishness of israel ) , but it also does n't want them to have their own state either ( thus pushing hard to prevent the un vote for this in september ) thus israel is running an apartheid system where millions of humans who are the wrong religion are denied the right to self determination
4	yes , they were so trigger happy that they did absolutely nothing since the ships had n't sailed yet
1	israel is imposing their " shit fanatical religion " on the " entire world " haha , wow all i can say is if the average american is as dumb as you then america is royally fucked
4	aside from the fact that you 've proffered zero evidence of israelis seizing palestinian bound goods except as related to security considerations ( like weapons ) , your point is absurd after all , even if true , some of the aid would eventually reach the palestinians but , with a stunt like this , where next to no aid is on board , and you sail knowing that it cannot be delivered , you help nobody
6	what ? you do realize you 're just making up stupid conspiracy theories to fit into your delusional narrative right ? please show me evidence of israelis stealing aid from convoys going into gaza
2	israelis will take whatever they need or want from the load proof now
2	he said that israeli corporations have american daughter companies whatever they make ( mainly telco stuff ) , is labeled as " made in the usa " and is not covered by the statistics you cite
4	on june <> , an anonymous complaint was filed against the ship 's " seaworthiness " the israel law centre ( shurat hadin ) , took responsibility for the complaint in the israeli media it 's funny the israelis seem to vacillate between a profound concern for the health are welfare of the activists , and shooting them in the head
4	" you have , do , and will continue to buy israeli products " you sound like a stalker
1	glad to see you are sufficiently concerned to post the above paragraph good if you can avoid it dont buy israeli simple fuck them
1	thank fuck you live in perfectland
8	sorry mr hindsight but for one that was not racially motivated , it was monetarily motivated admittidly there should have been support , so to in the holocaust but that 's over now too our fellow humans need our help , regardless of the ' publicity stunts ' what 's going on is very much real
4	and i was promptly downvoted , the posts have been upvoted a bit now , but not much meanwhile , johnfpublics lying post was mindlessly upvoted and as for your assertion that most people ( on this subreddit ) are " generally good " note the upvoting of antisemitic statements , that occurs regularly on r worldnews collective punishment is immoral and illegal under international law sure the jewish religion and culture sees nothing wrong with it ( <> upvotes , <> downvotes ) i made a post about it on r shitredditsays which brought some downvotes , before that it was at <> <> i 've spent a bunch of time on r worldnews many of the people posting and upvoting in these threads are out pushing a racist ( not just antisemitic ) agenda it 's the same on r politics and r worldpolitics
4	seriously , it 's one thing to sympathize with the palestinian cause , but if you support any of the actions of the " humanitarian " flotilla you are either terribly misinformed or retardedly gullible thanks , jonnyclueless , for providing this discussion with some facts and a rational perspective , reddit often gets too caught up in tonguing it 's own collective asshole
4	i do but taking sides like this does not sound very moral to me
1	what the fuck are you on about ?
2	sure everyone hates jews there 's always a stereotype attached to jews in every culture that has encountered them greedy , filthy then you should stop bitching about jerusalem being your own promised land time will tell who 's going to kick your ass , either the turks or the someone else i will be watching from the sidelines and laughing at you
1	sigh my tax dollars hard at work first off to perpetuate the terrorism myth , second of all for israel to further fuck with their neighbors so they can take their shit fanatical religion and impose it upon the entire world god bless america , happy <> everyone , usa <> ! ! !
4	it 's like that time when that " unsinkable " " ship " hit that " iceberg "
2	first the irish came through , and now the greek , thank you , the hate mongering flotilla needs to stop , islamofascism is real
4	it kinda sounds like they wanna mess with tex
4	sounds like you are clueless , jonny
4	i do n't think the upvotes are clueless per se so far the list johnofpublic provided was the most accurate now your list is ( possibly ) more accurate and certainly more recent note that it comes from a single government source it would still be interesting to see an aggregate survey to see what actually comes through , on the ground the list of things that are not allowed into gaza indeed appears to have dropped somewhat there is still a lot of equipment that is not allowed into gaza , however it seems difficult to operate a viable economy there ( deriving from the list of goods incl wassenaar construction , mining , farming , industry , it are all restricted )
6	or a muslim state ( saudia arabia , iran , and countless others ) why exactly do the muslims get to claim their own states but not the jews ?
4	apparently there is unfortunately and the result is what you see on the evening news a racially religiously oriented colonial supremacist state will always be at war with its neighbors once it becomes a state of all its citizens , its troubles will end and jews , christians and muslims will be able to live once again in peace in the holy land like they did for hundreds of years
4	that 's funny because the un supervised the cargo from the last flotilla group would that be the flotilla group that had nine of its members murdered by the israelis , one of them a teen aged american ? as i recall , two idf soldiers were disarmed , held captive by flotilla members and let go alive after their compadres murdered the nine it 's pretty easy to see who the peacemakers are , eh what ?
4	you can keep calling it bigotry all you like , but you 'll still be full of shit
1	because the palestinians are waging war , not israel , dumbfuck , unilateral actions of israel have probably saved hundreds of thousands of palestinian lives
3	if this is based on some " zionist , " agenda , why do the egyptians fear terrorism equally and maintain the other checkpoint and specifically bar the terrorist govt of gaza from crossing when now no one else is barred by egypt , even under the revolution
2	jews have been hated since day one and as long as their cultural identity continues to exist the muslim world will always want them dead
4	file kati mirizi edw proti fora oi ellada kani kati tetoio greece has always been pro palestine and anti israel this is the first time something like this has happened someone else is behind this that the greek government is taking orders from
4	wtf are you talking about ? seriously , i have no idea the boycott is a joke , as is clear by the statistics of israel 's booming economy and next to nil unemployment numbers all i am saying , is that i find it funny how gullible people are , and how self important they feel when they say retarded idiotic and naive statements with such conviction like you for example
4	its shit like this ( http www bea gov papers pdf intrafirmtradejanuary04 pdf )
1	so they can take their shit fanatical religion and impose it upon the entire world the fuck ? ? ! what are you even talking about ? ? ?
6	why is israel blockading gaza ? because hamas uses ships to have missiles and weapons delivered from iran and use them to attack israeli civilians hamas does n't hide this fact and they state it in their charter why is israel so brutal ? that 's subjective , but the reason is because israel is under constant attack and the only way to prevent the violence to them from reaching the same levels it once was is to prevent the attackers from ever getting close enough to be able to do so it used to be that israel was being attacked from every neighboring country and this was before the disputes that are now being used as a justification for hamas attacks why do the palestinians fire rockets ? hamas has stated that it 's goal is to eliminate israel even long before hamas came about this was still often the case do you remember the " drive the jews into the sea " campaign ? originally everything east of the jordan was designated to the jews and everything west to the arabs , giving the arabs <> of what was then palestine but this was n't good enough so they attacked the jews this was long before any of the current disputes , so maybe you should ask why did they do that ? why is malnutrition rife in gaza ? because gaza 's government spends all of its resources on trying to attack israel instead of building its infrastructure when gaza was given back , israel left large infrastructures in tact for the people to use hamas destroyed it all because it was built by jews what are the palestinians upset about ? they are the only ones with legitimate gripes they are victims caught in a war being lead by hamas why has this dragged on for <> years because it 's based on religion and so long as people follow these religions , that will take priority over the good of the people hamas does n't simply want to exterminate jews because they are diabolical they believe they are doing the will of their god and trying to get back their holy land for their god whats israel doing in the west bank ? this is an area that i do n't agree with israel on however to be fair , this land was originally designated to them , not the palestnians it was taken from them by syria and technically belonged to syria not palestine ( which is n't a country ) originally when israel was attacked again they used the land as a buffer zone to protect them from the ongoing attacks having that buffer made it harder for syria to attack them however building on it negates that use which is where i disagree with them palestinians would get all the publicity they need if they would stop supporting hamas they would get more humanitarian aid than anyone in the world if it were not for hamas but because they choose a government who 's goal is war , most aid provided to them would just be used for attacking another group of people israel does n't fear attention going to palestinians israel would love for palestine to have everything israel has but so long as they choose war , israel has no choice but to protect itself
6	what will happen is that turkish ships will return home with their tails between their legs
4	the greeks deciding that a ship is not seaworthy ? wow , never thought i 'd see the day ( context grew up in a family that was heavily involved in oil shipping and got moved around a lot thanks to good ol' royal dutch )
6	but greece is being bailed out by the eu why does the us matter that much to them right now ?
4	it 's funny how you consider it a war crime when israel responds to hamas attacks yet you make no such argument about hamas launching these attacks from schools , hospitals , and using human shields a bit of a double standard no ? israel used precision guided weapons to take out strategic military targets that hamas intentionally put in populated areas , a direct violation of the geneva convention but that violation is not an issue to you , israel trying to stop those attacks is and what was hamas 's tactic ? to blindly fire rockets into civilian populations they did n't target military , they targeted civilians another breach of the geneva convention btw , the person who wrote the un report upon reading all of the facts changed his mind and concluded that israel was not guilty of war crimes , but only hamas was of course other members of the un do n't agree with the author , but they also share your position which is that israel commits war crimes when it takes out military targets that hamas intentionally puts behind human shields i would actually love to see someone come up with a reasonable response israel should have to the missile attacks one other than just letting their people get killed
3	secular palestinian terrorists
4	there was no murder the militia on the boat attacked the israeli soldiers if you recall , several idf soldiers were shot and stabbed several were thrown down decks the only reason they survived is because they switch to their last resort of using guns their biggest mistake was not expecting to have to use force , hence being equipped with flash bangs and rubber bullets but once it became clear that the militia on board had every intent of violence they had to defend themselves many of them were recorded as saying that they had all intentions of dying as martyrs on that ship they have stockpiles of weapons even as the idf were repelling down they were beating them to death and guess how much humanitarian supplies were on that boat zero all of that death could have easily been avoided they could have simply complied and let the cargo get inspected and it would have arrived and no one would have gotten hurt they could have also followed israel 's suggestion before they left port , which was to deliver the goods through egypt but they had no intention of delivering humanitarian supplies they wanted a fight , they chose to attack , and they are responsible for the deaths not the idf
1	right , i meant protocol i thank you for noticing that , i fucked up what i mean is that israel controls the borders of palestine not because of force but because of an international agreement between the representatives of both nations , which is the oslo peace accords , which states that israel should control the air above palestine and the territorial water outside of gaza so after that one would argue whether they control the territory of not , and if they do n't they could potentially have a sea blockade from the hauge convention occupied territory is territory which is under another nations military control as far as i know there 's two problems with this ( <> ) gaza , and palestine as a whole , is n't a recognized nation by most of the worlds nations or by the un , meaning most international laws does n't apply this is why pna needs to get their shit together and create a state ( <> ) you could of course also follow prior international law which states that the entire british mandate of palestine should be a jewish state and that jordan and pna are occupying israeli land what i meant with being difficult was that the gc was created for another type of warfare goldstone was claimed to be just and fair , and not possible to influence when he agreed with palestine , but is beeing pressured when he agrees with israel give it a break no , it is n't a criminal like punishment , putting them in prisons would be searching and denying them the right to make weapons mainly aimed at hurting soft targets however is legal and i have yet to see any evidence that they restrict anything simply because they are mean most of the things are either weapons , or have a dual purpose hardly illegal either way there 's a lot of debate as to whether you can or ca n't occupy something which is n't a state in itself , which prior international law says is your 's probably you ca n't and the uk only had the possibility to modify an agreement within the san remo agreement and not amend it you say they maintain the right to place soldiers in gaza why yes , they do it 's called self defense and most states agree they have the right to self defense , even through preemptive strikes ( like the us strikes into pakistani territory , but perhaps pakistan is occupied ) israel probably maintains control over the west bank , but not gaza not controlling gaza means the can issue a blockade could they excerice authority at will ? maybe , but probably not israel maintains the right to stop delivering electricity when attacked , since a power station would be something they could attack if palestine had been a state and had attacked them , i believe this to be withing reason
5	rape and sexual assault does not apply to the powerful and mighty in the french republic women should be happy to be rapped by french politicians , it is the french way dsk will buy his way out of the us court system ( come on , a rich white man accused of raping a black maid , in the us , the maid is sure to be deported and have to pay damage to dsk ) , but in france , she would already be in jail
4	it 's probably not meant to convince anyone , more like an incentive to those who were planning to have it done " sometime " to do it now
4	they probably will keep up the incentives for years but that aside , a sterilization today is worth more than a sterilization next year , simply from a demographic standpoint if you have a net positive growth rate ( which india does ) , then the population is a pyramid with a narrow base that widens the higher you go ( as you go forward in time ) removing one reproductive link at the base is worth more than removing one near the top , if population control is your goal india is actually doing pretty darn good at population control the net population growth rate slipped to <> <> in <> according to the world bank that 's <> on the list , about the same as the population growth rate in the us , back in the <> 's it also continues to decline steadily
6	" your " does n't imply anything it 's by definition possessive
6	why does n't this already exist everywhere ?
2	" unless it 's to ease congestion , preserve security or block spam " oh so its totally useless that 's the bullshit they already spew at least here in the states
4	so , there 's no writing regarding the qualifiers for the exceptions ? i'm happy to see net neutrality passed , but it 's rather vague
3	yet again the dutch are awesome seriously considering moving there if i can !
6	when i read the headline i thought you meant car traffic then i saw spam and got confused
2	sounds a bit stupid why should n't internet providers have the right to slow down users traffic under certain circumstances ? it 's their business and if you do n't like it vote with your wallet and move to another provider
6	but does that still allow them to selectively choose which traffic to slow down ? if they have to slow down all traffic or nothing at all that makes it more difficult to use it as a loophole
4	sorry , i am a little uncertain ( disclaimer i didnt read the article very closely , dont be too pissed ) , but i do n't really know if this is a good or bad thing sounds good to lay me ?
5	i feel truly sorry you americans have to think that way
6	that 's not how it works here
6	where are you from that ' voting with your wallet ' actually works with regards to telecommunication services ?
2	from my perspective , all other traffic is spam causing congestion and possibly threatening my security
4	well , yes otherwise there would be no point
4	thank you !
2	as someone who actually works in music publishing and the music industry you are completely full of shit this " neither the riaa or any major distributors of music in the western world do n't pay artists " is absolutely ridiculous i collect royalties for my clients every single quarter from them , and it is meaningful if people actually buy the music instead of make up bullshit excuses not to
2	the us government gives way less of a shit about people outside the us than your own citizens , this is why large chunks of the world does n't like your country , they repeatedly pull bullshit like that ( or much worse ) for the benefit of the us at much larger expense to other people , that and the very vocal dumb minority
4	http timesofindia indiatimes com world uk osama plot <> <> type strike in smaller cities like la articleshow <> cms http www fas org irp congress <> rpt staff statement <> pdf " he met with bin laden to discuss the targets the world trade center , which represented the u s economy the pentagon , a symbol of the u s military and the u s capitol , the perceived source of u s policy in support of israel the white house was also on the list , as bin laden considered it a political symbol and wanted to attack it as well "
4	that makes perfect sense thanks
1	yep there was a memo you must have missed it they issued it sometime after september <> now shut the fuck up your sounding kinda muslim y and unamerican
1	i was saying this as <> happened when i was <> years old , conveniently in an international relations class taking a building or two down with an airplane is not how terrorism works terrorist always have a point to what they do , and very rarely that point is simply ' fuck you ' look at fidel castro , he 's a rebel , a terrorist , a revolutionary or the classic ira true terrorism tries to at least has a point and tries to change something osama bin laden was n't dumb and would n't make himself a target and now martyr just for a few buildings with zero point to doing it , it does n't make sense !
4	a single person boycotting an institution would not ( likely ) destroy it , but even such a seemingly small act does " hurt it " by definition , if an institution does n't get money that it would otherwise get , then it has been " hurt , " in your words even if that amount is a penny and trying to make it sound like something is hopeless just so you can justify your apathy or lack of effort is pretty terrible , in my opinion you should n't give your money to a company that does things you disapprove of , no matter exactly how large the impact will be on it 's bottom line doing something because it 's right , not because it 's significant , is pretty much the definition of integrity
1	so basically your only guarantee under the constitution you 're all so proud of is that they wo n't directly restrict your speech indirectly , they 'll do whatever the fuck they want , same as always
6	why would n't other treaties count also ? for example i'm sure we have a treaty with european nations about security nato intelligence gather etc ?
4	hurr durr , assange giving bradley a large sum of money would not look good at manning 's trial , there is no connection between manning and assange they would like to keep it that way until the trial is over
4	instead of downvoting , prove me wrong i did n't downvote you , but i would like to say that you ca n't disprove an opinion nearly all of what you said is opinion that ca n't be proved or disproved
4	i think assange is a difficult personality , but wikileaks has made significant impact with him at the helm this is an undeniable fact i would agree that assange is calculating , however , i see this as a positive quality he is fighting people that are authoring all sorts of brutalities , and i would personally want the biggest cunt in the universe fighting for my interests rather than against them politics is a very dirty game expecting assange to be a saint here is ludicrous i think there 's a big difference between liking and respecting a person and acknowledging their success assange is not very likeable , but he is highly effective at what he does i hope he continues being a prick , because it 's obviously working for him ( and us )
4	everyone responding to posts like this with a serious comment , you 're most likely encouraging trolls
6	what a douche
4	funny story about visa mastercard their president wants to be responsable for destroying hard currency before he was president of visa mastercard , he was president of nestle where he wanted to gain control of the world 's entire potable water supply ruminate on the implications of this
4	i find julian assange a very calculating and scheming man , not to mention greedy he promised bradley manning money for his defence , in reality he gave him a miserly <> , <> , in the situation he is in , that is nothing if wikileaks were under better leadership it could do more good than it is right at this minute in time as it stands , by not delivering on his promises and being the media whore he is assange is making wikileaks look nothing more than the worlds biggest blackmailing scheme edit instead of downvoting , prove me wrong
4	well , they do , but the things they admit to are actually legal in the united states ( and in fact in all western countries ) last time there was a situation like this ( watergate scandal ) , eventually the president at the time ( nixon ) had to resign , whilst the new york time still exists to this day
4	it 'll be a hell of a lot more handy than an encrypted file that <> previous owners said was " just like real money "
6	if someone is under investigation i'm all for preventing them access to their money however , what happened here is that visa shut down their accounts and took all their money without even a single charge filed against wikileaks why has n't wikileaks been charged with anything in the us ? probably because they have n't done anything illegal
6	good i hope wikileaks wins what visa and mastercard did was a blatant and obscene violation of free speech they should be ashamed of themselves for acting in such an atrocious manner and i feel a draconian punishment for corporations who act this way is more than appropriate
6	that would be great if visa mastercard were n't two of the largest players in credit debit card transaction networks they are stopping millions ( billions ? ) of people from donating to an organisation that does n't appear to have broken a law and has certainly not been charged and tried with such visa mc are blocking payments to wikileaks so , if i wanted to , i ca n't use my visa debit card to donate to them , neither could i use my mastercard credit card why ca n't i choose where my money goes ? i ca n't really choose not to have a visa card , either all of the uk banks seem to be issuing visa debit cards these days when you 're a monopoly or part of a oligopoly , you should n't be able to choose who you deal with this is assuming that visa mc are doing it out of their own volition and not if the us government is telling them what to do that 's the problem when you have american dominance in important industries the us government tries to use them to implement their laws outside their borders i am not a us citizen , wikileaks ( iirc ) is not a us organisation , so why is the us government stopping me from donating my ( non us ) money to them ?
4	( d ) apply dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties , thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage that would be it right there they are refusing to allow transactions to this company for no reason that is applying dissimilar conditions ( i e your company cannot be these two cause we dont like you ) and thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage
6	what wikileaks did was considered illegal no , it was n't certainly not by eu ( or any member country ) law , and arguably not by us law and nothing has been proven in any court , so it 's all speculative
6	what wikileaks did was considered illegal who by ?
6	when you have that sort of exclusivity in banking and money you create an even bigger divide between the haves and the have nots what can you do when no institution will allow you to have wages paid into your account or bills to be paid through your account ?
4	i live in texas , ( i know bad karma already ) but here you cant deny service because of race or color , but you can for just not liking somone its the same for big companies i 'll say this , one the one hand , if the us suggested they do it , its not illigal , but in poor taste just like when wikileaks took documents marked secret and higher and published them to the world , in several instances putting troops in afganistan ( not just american troops ) at risk not illigal , but in poor taste
4	christ it 's people like you that lower the general level of discourse on reddit i do n't even refer to the nature or validity of the comment just the manner of your rebuke is such tripe that i think do n't votes do n't express enough
3	i only downvoted you because of your edit insults and whining do n't add anything back on topic al qaeda has claimed responsibility for numerous acts which caused injury , loss of life , and serious damage to others ' properties it 's hard to call them much other than a religiously fanatical terrorist organization i would define wikileaks as a whistle blowing support organization i think their role is similar , if not exactly identical to , the role the new york times played for ellsberg when it published the pentagon papers would you say that the new york times ' funds should have been frozen and or their accounts closed ? how then could they have afforded legal counsel to fight the charges made by the government ?
4	so the u s state department can make and enforce their own laws now ? did i miss a new <> branch of government memo ? is this like monopoly where the u s state department says something and you skip go and go directly to jail ?
1	i'm so glad to hear this what they did was a fucking u s led cartel this was the creepiest , most disturbing thing the american government has done in the past <> years
4	i did n't realize european visa was <> european owned when i posted if they are eu only , then that will likely mean that it will be european laws about cooperation with the u s and european banking regulations topics i know little about
2	i hate to be that guy , but its allowed , not aloud
4	hmm thanks for that post i just learned something visa europe is owned , controlled and operated by its members more than <> , <> banks and other payment service providers in <> countries across europe we are the payment industry s only pan european membership association our members decide on our strategic direction , our investments and our innovations i'm not sure how the u s could stop them from taki8ng non u s payments from non americans my guess is that european governments must be involved
5	if it goes through , my faith in europe will continue my faith in humanity , sadly , remains unchanged
2	those are n't creepy they 're geopolitical calculations done out of rage ( afghanistan ) and cold manipulation of facts ( iraq ) neither is really disturbing more disgusting
1	if they want my business , they do the only way we , as a nation , can stop the trampling of our civil liberties by the wealthy is by holding them accountable for their misbehavior be it with my dollar votes or though court order , when they fuck up and do something that is blatantly abusive society must hold them accountable
1	not entirely true under eu law , companies that have a de facto dominant position in a market are required to go beyond respecting the letter of eu law they are required to exercise " social responsibility " ( whatever the fuck that means ) due to the potential negative effects of their market dominance
4	this reminds me of how i wish i could financially support the hacker groups when they hack into something i enjoy ! does anyone else feel this urge ? i like what the majority of those groups were doing and i wanted to financially support it
1	fuck wkileaks that website is the worst website out there , its worse than the westboro baptist church , and coming from a marine who 's e had them arrive at a funeral i was at thats saying something that shit is n't public knowledge for a good reason
4	article <> <> the following shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market all agreements between undertakings , decisions by associations of undertakings and concerted practices which may affect trade between member states and which have as their object or effect the prevention , restriction or distortion of competition within the common market , and in particular those which ( a ) directly or indirectly fix purchase or selling prices or any other trading conditions ( b ) limit or control production , markets , technical development , or investment ( c ) share markets or sources of supply ( d ) apply dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties , thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage ( e ) make the conclusion of contracts subject to acceptance by the other parties of supplementary obligations which , by their nature or according to commercial usage , have no connection with the subject of such contracts <> any agreements or decisions prohibited pursuant to this article shall be automatically void <> the provisions of paragraph <> may , however , be declared inapplicable in the case of any agreement or category of agreements between undertakings , any decision or category of decisions by associations of undertakings , any concerted practice or category of concerted practices , which contributes to improving the production or distribution of goods or to promoting technical or economic progress , while allowing consumers a fair share of the resulting benefit , and which does not ( a ) impose on the undertakings concerned restrictions which are not indispensable to the attainment of these objectives ( b ) afford such undertakings the possibility of eliminating competition in respect of a substantial part of the products in question article <> ( <> ) any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or in a substantial part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between member states " ( <> ) such abuse may , in particular , consist in ( a ) directly or indirectly imposing unfair purchase or selling prices or other unfair trading conditions ( b ) limiting production , markets or technical development to the prejudice of consumers ( c ) applying dissimilar conditions to equivalent transactions with other trading parties , thereby placing them at a competitive disadvantage ( d ) making the conclusion of contracts subject to acceptance by the other parties of supplementary obligations which , by their nature or according to commercial usage , have no connection with the subject of such contracts can someone point out were visa broke the law ? what wikileaks did was considered illegal and visa dint wanna help them out there is also a difference between a monopoly and donating this is a huge waste of time and possibly money by wikileaks
4	i agree i really think the us response to wikileaks was a bit like someone driving a car and being stung by a bee rather than calmly pull over , we just started flipping shit and swerving all over the road
4	it will be interesting like a lot of other people , i have mixed feelings about wikileaks i'm glad to know a lot of the leaks but i also understand why we have classified data and why we cooperate with allies when its a u s company involved
8	ah , sorry , i was locked in another mindset and overreacted
4	i lold because try and seed anything that is n't fl byebye good luck
4	i agree and disagree with you here i think that , on a moral level , you are completely correct but i think that on another level , you have the government flipping shit about some website airing their dirty laundry and acting in a way that , at the spur of the moment ( read without thinking for <> seconds ) they thought would protect them from bad shit coming about as a result all and all just a poorly handled mess that made us look like fools in about <> different ways
3	trying to strike fear does n't make you a terrorist , using fear to effect change is what makes you one
6	he said meaningful ( http www techdirt com articles <> <> shtml ) <> <> is a slap in the face , nothing else edit curses ! why is my link not showing ? http www techdirt com articles <> <> shtml
6	okay i 'll take your bet go to what cd , and download any torrent with <> seeder wo n't be under <> seconds
3	i deleted it because i misread osama for obama , hilarious eh ? why so srs ? and believe what you want about the sniper dude , he did n't have a clear motive and no friends to support him , he was a rogue psycho which by nature induces fear he is a terrorist in the same sense a rabid dog is a terrorist
2	i think the part that gets to people is that it shows corporations like visa mastercard really can get whatever they want , they can pass whatever laws they need to kill competition , and can use their power to screw over the consumers ( us ) the government should work for the people , not for the multi million dollar corporations
1	sure , but when they overstep looking out for their citizens interests and actively make other peoples lives worse just at the expense of making americans lives marginally better off , they lose any damn respect from me that is completely immoral and makes my blood boil they 're like the ultimate school yard bullies , and who the fuck likes them ?
1	is n't protecting a nation 's citizens and interests the government 's main , if not sole , reason for being ? yes and no the government should protect the citizens ' interests this is not what is happening it protecting solely a few big corporations , those with political power so the government is only protecting itself , and the other citizens can go an fuck themselves also , slapping a label on it hey it 's just realpolitik , or power politics does n't make it right
2	i'm not sure why you 're being downvoted it may not be popular on reddit , i may hate it myself , but that is how the law operates as long as the doj is trying to pin assange , i do n't this case going anywhere visa and master card have <> and <> percent of the market share in europe i also do n't expect a whole lot in going after the payment processing monopoly i hope wikileaks the best , but if you really want to support wikileaks and hurt visa and mastercard , start using bitcoin and donate that way
6	has any member of wikileaks been proven guilty and convicted of any crime that you speak of in a court of law ? innocent until proven guilty another fantastic pillar of a fair society that sets modern civilisations aside from the rest
8	he has personally protested against the treatment manning is receiving and has donated to the manning legal defense fund we just do n't get to see the degree to which he has championed mannings situation because our government still considers him an enemy of the state his hands are fairly well tied at this point wikileaks and assange acting as their spokesman can not as it would compromise their objectivity it is a tricky situation do n't expect anything to come from wikileaks front page unless some clear evidence is handed to them that they can publish edit sorry should have been more clear about whether i was talking about assange the man or assange the spokesman
8	sorry , i'm not convinced i 'd still take the <> billion gold reserves in fort knox over your matabele gumbo beads any day , which are backed by who or what exactly ?
4	allofmp3 com was like a russian itunes type site they sold music for about <> cents a song they also offered a variety of formats including lossless flac formats they paid royalties to rom which is the russian equivelent of the riaa however the riaa were unhappy because although they were paying the correct amount of royalites required under russian law the riaa wanted more so they refused to even collect the royalties that had been paid to roms the riaa then lobbied the us government to put pressure on visa , mastercard , paypal and anyone else based in the us that offered a payment option to allofmp3 com the above is from memory so feel free to google it for more information
4	so what ? it still lists the laws that they will seek to prove visa matercard has broken these laws , which you can lookup yourself if you do n't like the linked site , show that you are talking nonsense
4	so anyone feel like storming quantico ?
4	well that 's what he 's asking has julian assange been protesting for the guy ? " helping him in any way would be seen as admission " all of a sudden assange is supposed to be worried about what people will think ? assange 's complete mo is to not care about what people think , or worry about how things will be seen , no matter what this is the only reason the guy is relevant all of a sudden he ca n't protest for fear of how that might be construed ? sounds like a double standard double standards beget more double standards , which eventually snowball into all out corruption it 's the classic slippery slope syndrome which has happened to every nation since the beginning of history the minute we start allowing him to adopt a double standard , we begin to " aid and abet " him into becoming exactly what the us government is being accused of more and more all over the world ostensibly doing what 's best for foreign entities , but actually doing what 's best for america ( oil interests , etc ) if assange does n't do exactly the utmost that he can to help bradley ( even at the cost of his own certain demise ) , then he will be operating in reaction to what does and does n't hurt himself , which equals only doing what 's in his own best interest when you start putting yourself ahead like that , you start yourself down the usual , inevitable , inexorable decline into corruption assange needs for us to give him a good shaking and say , " man ! i know things are tough , but you knew that they could get this way what you 're doing going up against one of the historically most powerful countries in the world was bound to get you in the hot water that you 're in by backing down on helping people like bradley in any way that you can , you 're simply confirming what the naysayers have been saying all along when the going gets tough , you 'll start backing down "
4	the dollar is n't backed by any real reserve of assets very few currencies probably are really so in that regard , bitcoin is just as good as the dollar
1	fuck yeah , it was about time !
1	shut the fuck up
1	chill the fuck out and shut the fuck up , bro
6	what exactly became of these funds ? did visa and mc essentially take people 's money , then keep it rather than either delivering it to the intended party or returning it ? if so , does n't that warrant some type of theft charges be filed ?
5	fantastic , fantastic news i donated with my mastercard and was sad when they blocked donations just a few days afterwards maybe my money never even reached them , how can i tell ? i wrote emails to both mc and visa to complain i got no response
1	here 's the way i look at it wikileaks is in the right they are in violation of no law , foreign or domestic , and are victims of nothing more than a government sanctioned witch hunt because the information they are leaking are damning to various powerful governments and corporations around the world i believe the charges , including the sexual assault charges , are completely trumped up and were fabricated to discredit assange and give the police a reason to detain and arrest him but i do n't blame visa , mastercard , paypal , amazon , or any of the other long list of companies that ultimately stopped providing services to him they were all under tremendous pressure from the most powerful government in the world a government that had the power completely ruin their business , arrest ceos , etc it 's no surprise that they all found any reason they could come up with to distance themselves from wikileaks it 's easy to say they should have " stood up to the government " and continued to support wikileaks from the other side of a computer screen , sitting in your chair , when there are no consequences for your words and decisions but when you 've got millions ( billions ? ) of dollars on the line , an angry government threatening anything and everything they could throw at you , pressure from stockholders , boards of directors , etc , and your personal freedom in jeopardy if you choose not to comply , i 'll bet my left nut that every single one of you would do the exact same thing that these companies did comply with government demands , cut off services to wikileaks , and distance themselves from the situation as much as they could these companies have no legal , ethical , or moral obilgation to " stick it to the man " or make any kind of political statement by continuing to support him they are in a business to make money business wise , wikileaks is battery acid they 're doing the smart thing sitting back with their popcorn and watching the shitstorm from the rafters once the political pressure from various powerful governments is removed , i'm willing to bet that these companies will continue to do business with wikileaks again if not , i 'll gladly grab my torch and pitchfork
4	other treaties may count in some sense , but the complaint is to be lodged with dg iv ( the european competition commission ) citing violation of specific eu laws with respect to abuse of a dominant market position if visa and mastercard want to argue some principle of ' greater good ' then i suppose they can if they want , but whether dg iv gives a shit about their ideas is another matter
2	a nation of people who understand their government is actively looking to twist , sabotage or subvert its own legal system in order to prosecute a man who has committed no crime disgust me
6	what sanctions did the government impose ?
4	when you set yourselves up so you become a virtual duopoly ( with a lot of international government help regulation wise ) , you should lose the right to chose who you do business with aka unless they have actually broken the law you must do business with them because there are no real other options and with way all governments are pushing for a cashless society it 's only going to get worse " morality disrepute " clauses are a joke that translate into " because we felt like it " , otherwise visa and mc would have stopped processing payments for porn and alcohol a long time ago due to the perceptions of large portions of the planet visa mc need to decide what they are , international independent financial organisations who 's only mission is facilitating payments or part of the us governments arsenal to enforce their political will internationally so then the rest of the world can decide if they want those two ( and thus the usa ) virtually running large potions of the local financial system or if they want to set up an alternative
4	most of these people seem to have never actually left the nest because they hold some seriously confused beliefs about how the world works this stuff about the usa being the most evil nation in human history is especially funny
4	no , corporations are n't alive , much less human but they act like sociopaths
1	sure , now let 's put that in context they enacted war no , murder on hundreds of thousands of iraqis despite the protests of it 's own citizens all while claiming to be the land of the free all while claiming that the american citizens know what 's best when will we stop fooling ourselves into thinking that america is n't and has not always been a terrorist state founded on seizing assets , landbases and resources by force , extortion and coercion ? america ( and it 's economic allies ) is the evil fucking empire from star wars and we should all be held accountable for it 's actions it 's no longer the good deeds you do that make you a good person , we need to start judging people by the good deeds that they do n't do , namely doing everything in their power and creativity to stop the destruction , rapine and psychopaths who are in charge of this monster truck holy fuck !
4	<> <> being an inside job seems more and more likely every day
1	it 's definitely not the worse i mean , the " war on terror " was certainly much more devastating than this however , since this happened in europe , and everyone gets upset rightfully so , might i add visa , though american , was doing business in european soil , with european companies there are laws that protect these companies , local and international laws the actions of the us effectively say this to europeans " we do n't give a fuck about your laws , our companies are going to act however we see fit we are above your laws " also , note that while the us was the one with the most info released , many other countries were affected , but none of them threw a hissy fit mostly because these countries had less to hide , and even less political power
1	yes except him " hey i'm thinking shooting some of these cocksuckers what do you think ? " " that would be fucking awesome i was thinking the same thing ! " " lets setup a nest in our car and do it ! " " i 'll get the tools , you get the gun " terrorism at it 's finest
5	not exactly , i am saying in europe a company can be forced to take on ( a ) as a customer if not doing so places ( a ) at a competitive disadvantage
4	i do n't think you can really ' chose ' to be a superpower though i totally get what you 're saying but after the cold war , it was n't like there were really any other options
4	you sir are spouting the words of a lifestyle anarchist , the worst kind of all ! it 's like saying , oh , you do n't like the us military ? do n't join it oh , you do n't like xe ? do n't invest in it you do n't like coca cola ? do n't drink it it 's never as simple as boycotting , and boycotting is so ineffectual in comparison the dominance that industry has over our lives to pretend that simply not buying a product hurts a company , when they make more money than you can imagine in tax breaks , collusory tactics etc is ignorant and incrementalist you call me apathetic and lacking effort , but forget that the tactic you are backing plays into the hands of the ruling class
1	because dycefreak ( http www reddit com user dycefreak ) is a coward and deleted his comment , this is what he said what you just said had nothing to do with anything that 's currently being discussed http www reddit com user dycefreak no one give 's a fuck about obama by the way this all happened before anyone even knew who he was this is my response you are spectacularly ignorant osama bin laden was put on the fbi 's most wanted list in <>
4	link me then mr know it all added i found this ( http www daveross com binladen html ) which paints a very good picture of what he was actually fighting for , not that someone like you would care
4	with a name like that i do n't know whether to downvote or upvote
1	the beltway sniper was a single pissed off redneck he was n't a terrorist , he was a serial killer and when you say " through striking fear " , i believe something different , i believe " an example of desperation " because i seek peace not justice because the fact of the matter is , " the ultimate goal was to get rid of american influence in the middle east " terrorist always stand for something and it 's not a simple ' fuck you ' they have a very good reason for wanting to end their lives in a violent explosion , and i care about what that reason is
6	it 's called being an accessory after the fact or in other cases , aiding and abetting united states code ( u s c ) , section two of title <> ( a ) whoever commits an offense against the united states or aids , abets , counsels , commands , induces or procures its commission , is punishable as a principal ( b ) whoever willfully causes an act to be done which if directly performed by him or another would be an offense against the united states , is punishable as a principal one could make a strong argument that ( a ) applies here that by accepting this data and furthering the dissemination via their website , wikileaks aided manning under federal law , that is enough to mean that they could be tried for the exact same crimes as manning also , there are reports that several of the leaked cables resulted in some deaths do n't be surprised when a zealous prosecutor tosses in some felony murder rule charges as well that 's all assuming that manning acted independently and sent the info to wikileaks that would all change if there is enough evidence to point to an agency relationship as for it being unconstitutional , you are mistaken the pentagon papers cases stood for the proposition that you could not have a prior restraint on publication , but you most certainly can prosecute after the fact
6	i will be surprised if visa or mc claim " greater good " but dominant market position ? if there were more payments methods the governments concerned would just pressure them too
2	much ado about nothing what i got from your post was , wikileaks cool , eurpoe wikileaks stupid point to chose to make but whatever continue thinking you 're smart
4	i get your perspective a lot , and i guess it 's just in my overall negativity about the power of people against the face of dominant corporate interest it 's a daunting enemy however , i do think that you should check out http www youtube com watch ? v hpambpq8j7g it 's a good look at why charity , in fact , is not necessarily good especially the forced charity that comes with the capitalist csr process
1	shut the fuck up you spoiled brat
6	what american companies ? no american companies are involved here they 're suing visa europe and mastercard europe , not visa and mastercard separate , independent european companies
6	why would you spend money to buy music from a website that has no affiliation with the artists making the music ? they may be legal under russian law , but they certainly are n't paying the bands any meaningful royalties if the money you are spending does n't go to the people who made the music , why bother ? you can download a better version of the album off of bittorent for free
4	i often feel this way , however this is exactly what they would like you to believe why fight if you can never achieve any real change ? you have to fight even when you think it 's hopeless , change is possible but only if enough people believe it 's possible
3	you can then go and say that banks cannot refuse to provide financial services to terrorists and shit like that , what can you do when you ca n't stop them from getting money ? i personally think wikileaks and julian are doing something wrong , so this might give you some insight into my thinking here
2	what you are saying does n't make any sense i am talking specifically about corporations i am not saying that a boycott of a company is always the correct solution , and i am not saying that a boycott should be the only solution , as other means are valuable as well but you are saying that because the difference that a small action makes is n't huge , that the action is n't worth doing you are putting words into my mouth by trying to suggest that i condone anyone doing whatever they want and simply letting popularity profitability decide what is worthwhile i am simply making a specific point about taking individual action about what i believe to be right the logic you are pushing could be used in the same way to condemn all donations to charity that do n't completely solve every problem ever " oh , my donation does n't make much of a difference , so i just should n't bother " in fact , the entirety of your second paragraph seems to be just a jumble of vaguely anti corporate sentiments which you 're trying to connect to the idea of not bothering to take an action because said action is not " world changing " ultimately , the point you seem to be trying to make is one of degrees you suggest that a boycott is always a bad idea because it is n't enough okay so do more but you can still avoid buying a product or supporting a service based upon the actions of the company which offers it i do n't pretend that me refusing to use a credit card will take down the whole bank i do it because it 's my money , and i believe it should go to people who 'll be responsible in short i disagree with your accusation , but i can concede that there is always a need for more action i just do n't believe that the possibility of highly significant actions being necessary in order to affect change invalidates the impact and personal meaning or less significant actions like an individual boycott of an irresponsible or immoral company
4	to be fair , i do n't actually buy the product i do n't even have a sidewalk i was just looking for an example of something i do n't support have faith in , and roundup was the first thing listed on monsato 's wikipedia page i'm not trying to have a debate , stop picking at my semantics my overall point was that i 've always considered europe as having good ethics legally , so my faith in them continues if the lawsuit goes through , it wo n't do anything to restore my faith in humanity as a whole
3	he was a terrorist because he purposely tried to strike fear he struck at people that the media said he did n't target yet so no one would feel safe this is terrorism also , why the fuck did you delete your other comment , you coward ? the one about how no one knew who bin laden was before <> <> , despite engaging in other very well known terrorist attacks before then , and being placed on the fbi 's most wanted fugitives list in <> ?
1	'no one give 's a fuck about obama by the way this all happened before anyone even knew who he was ' me ' you are spectacularly ignorant osama bin laden was put on the fbi 's most wanted list in <> ' you yea , sorry about that , i misread osama for obama , not that you cared or noticed either mr ignorant caller lol its even in your quote of me , its hilarious watching you get all tight in the crotch over a mistake which now both you and i have made ha
6	what crime did wikileaks commit ? ( or " contributed towards " )
4	facilitaing a known enitity conducting espionage properly gotta be a law frowning on it there is , but that is n't something that wikileaks has been accused of , nor is it something they have been charged with indeed it does n't seem like they broke any us law at all
4	actually they were getting funded through charitable donations , dozens of which were shut down and their accounts frozen following <> <> but let 's leave that example off if you do n't like it and go abstract the same argument applies to bernie madoff or a money laundering ring does visa have the right to refuse to conduct transactions to an organization under investigation for major crimes during that investigation ?
4	well since i do n't know the competition rules of the eu , i ca n't say whether or not they 're breaking any laws or if it 's a matter of two sides interpreting it in different ways giant corporations like this have teams of lawyers on the payroll specifically to handle lawsuits such as this visa europe will have made enough money in the time it takes me to type this reply to more than adequately cover any legal fees they incur even if they lose the case , i very seriously doubt these companies are quaking in their boots over the money they stand to lose
1	taking a building or two down with an airplane is not how terrorism works terrorist always have a point to what they do , and very rarely that point is simply ' fuck you ' you really do n't know what you 're talking about there are many terrorist and plotted terrorist attacks that aimed simply at destroying lives , often through attacking symbolic places the ultimate goal was to get rid of american influence in the middle east , especially our support of israel , through striking fear this is also why they attacked the wtc in <> this is why rogues like the beltway snipers shot random people around dc to strike fear not because of a " fuck you " osama was already a target remember uss cole ?
4	regardless of how secret the info was , i feel like forcing an american company to support wikileaks is like forcing a homeowner to let a dog come in your house and take a pee on your walls not that everything wikileaks has done has been wrong and hurtful to america , but i do n't think its wrong to deny support
1	this was the creepiest , most disturbing thing the american government has done in the past <> years hahahahahahahahhahaha breath hahahhhaaahahahhah are you fucking kidding me ? financially choking a white collar whistleblowing organization ? that 's the worst ? it 's not the waterboarding ? not the inhumane and sickening torture of muslims in guantanamo ? it was n't our illegal invasion and our destruction over over a hundred thousands lives in the middle east ? it was n't the extraordinary assassination of bin ladin in another country without any trial or even proof of his death it 's shocking a month or two ago , the us government sent navy seals into a target half a mile from pakistan 's premiere military school , in a city full of military lifers and retirees , and assassinated someone without warning the pakistani government , or even letting them know do you feel safe ? safe knowing that the united states can enter a country and assassinate people with troops on the ground , and no one bats an eyelash ? and you 're telling me this is the most disturbing wake up
1	if you do n't give a ' fuck ' do n't post about not giving a ' fuck ' it ruins your argument
1	what the fuck ? ! that is fucked up
4	considering they offer many lossless formats , you ca n't really get " better " quality with torrents anyway , i purchase from them because my time is worth something to me downloading through their itunes like interface is very easy and intuitive , and all the tracks are named just how i want them , put in the exact directory structure i want , and include all the correct metadata without " ripp3d by h xer " in the comments field torrents have their place , especially for full discographies , but for one off tracks , allofmp3 is awesome
4	if we ever break out of it , it will only be because we used against them the one thing they ca n't bend at a whim fact of course , that requires a free trade of information , which at this point is the internet hence , everybody trying to restrict pass laws on the internet i could even see isp 's being in on this ( though i doubt it ) , with things like bandwidth caps and ridiculous prices
3	actually it would be illegal because it has been declared a terrorist organisation by us , uk , europe and un wikileak so far has n't so they are not an illegal entity unless us can prove that they are not covered under journalism laws they cant call them illegal and if they do then they might as well lock all free press in jail
4	although i disagree with your comparison i have upvoted you for making a good point being no legal expert , i do n't think wikileaks has broken any laws they are publishing information submitted to them it 's like comparing a shoplifter to a serial bomber sure , they are both criminals but there is a huge difference between them
3	good parallel , but al qaeda does n't get funded through donations or mc visa payments , i assure you edit and since you 're so hot for an argument al qaeda is a " terrorist " network influencing religious ideologies with direct violence for years upon years , wikileaks is not doing that despite what fox news tells you
4	not me downvoting you more likely it is people who ca n't be bothered refuting such specious logic if you had paid attention , i was n't commenting on the right or wrong of visa 's actions , but the legal status of wikileaks ' actions
4	from the article ( which , given your comments , you probably did n't read ) it was pointed out to these companies that their coordinated action on december <> last year to block all credit card transactions to wikileaks and datacell constituted a serious violation of the competition rules of the eu ( article <> ( <> ) and <> ) furthermore , that the actions of these companies have violated danish merchant laws when they terminated the payment services and by refused to reinstate them pressure or no pressure , it seems like they are indeed breaking two laws as for " paying for it " , i mean that they are facing legal action that is expensive in it self , and i imagine if they lose , they will have to pay much more i ca n't vouch for this , but someone in this thread has stated that visa has denied them over <> million dollars
4	i undownvoted you , because rational arguments should be debated ( even if just refuted ) , not downvoted the thing is , the state department have constantly been repeating that wikileaks is " breaking the law " but that 's a lie , or at best yet to be determined in fact , the new york times did exactly the same thing during the watergate scandal , and that was legal at the time ( if you might recall , in that standoff , ultimately nixon was forced to resign ) at the same time wikileaks keeps finding new information on how the us government has been breaking the law , and proving it so you can see why the state department has a good motive for trying to discredit wikileaks and get them shut down
3	these companies did act legally they were under government orders to cease doing any business with wikileaks not doing so would likely have put these companies in violation of the patriot act , would have led to various board members ceos being brought under investigation and being put on the no fly list for " sponsoring terrorism " , and god knows what other investigations into their day to day operations they are within their moral rights to take no action , whether or not they support a particular cause just because you do or do n't believe in something personally does not mean you 're obligated to actively support that cause , especially when doing so puts your personal freedoms , career , and company at risk personally i think that these company 's do have to be held to account , now , by anyone who can do that so that next time they do act ethically , morally and legally and what person , company , or governing entity has the power to overrule the us government ? the us government is the one making these demands that these companies do not do business with wikileaks there is nothing that you , i , or any company , government , or organization on this planet can say or do that can trump the actions the us government can take if they choose not to comply nothing under the best case scenario , these companies can choose not to comply the us government gets a court order forcing compliance under threat of prosecution , and we 're right back where we started from there , you just tack on charges under the patriot act , arrest , prosecution , government seizures of assets , jail time , etc etc etc there is no way for them to do what you want them to do without running head to head with the us government if you want to do that from the comfort an anonymity of the other side of your computer screen , you go right ahead and do that but there is no company in this country that wants to remain out of jail and in business that is willing to do so and i do n't blame them one bit it 's a no win battle
4	the problem is that they 're under similar pressure from the european union , who stands to be just as embarrassed by wikileaks as the us government now i do n't know how much power the eu holds , or if they have the capability to do the things the us government can do to american based companies like amazon and paypal but i'm sure that the eu is putting as much pressure as they can on visa europe as they possibly can people keep saying they are breaking the law they are not breaking the law refusing to do business with a person or company that could negatively impact their business ( even through no fault of their own ) is not unlawful continuing to do business , however , with a person or company that the us government ( or european union , respectively ) is telling you not to do business with is both unlawful and unethical as for " paying for it " i'm willing to bet that not doing business with wikileaks has not affected their bottom line one bit
3	as i 've said in another comment , in visa 's case , they are suing visa europe , a separate european entity , with no ties to the us with the exception that they are the sole licensees of visa 's service in europe they have absolutely no reason to fear the mighty patriot act so , do i understand them ? yes , of course , they are protecting their interests and playing nice with the us government , which is very powerful does that excuse them ? no , not a little they have a duty to follow the law ( and act ethically ) for breaking that , they are paying for it
4	<> <> on some mechanical and that 's after a very generous advance , and <> on licenses , and depending on if they were the writer a writer 's percentage on licenses look i do this for a living if people actually bought music it would be perfectly fine the fact that people say " i pirate because i am sticking it to the labels " is like saying i am going to stick it to the loggers by throwing away paper now i'm not saying the labels give artists the best deals ( but depending on who your management and rep is you can get a pretty lucrative one ) but sticking with the throwing away paper analogy the loggers ( labels ) hurt forests ( artists ) you throwing away paper ( piracy ) just makes them hurt trees ( artists ) more you do n't realize it but i see it everyday , and do n't tell me otherwise like i said i actually work in this business
1	who gives a fuck , people reading wikileaks are probably a majority of white , arm chair commando , from assorted european countries or from the us wanting to bitch about the us if your bitching about the manning kid , it 's his punishment for not doing a fucking job we all get paid to do a job right ? obviously it makes sense to not punish someone for breaking the rules and doing their job incorrectly , that they signed a contract to do i mean obviously wiki leaks is mega important because a whole bunch of white pasties out there want to watch videos of war and death and destruction and shit , because their x box did n't give them enough the worlds full of terrible shit , maybe it 's time for people start focusing on some good shit get over yourselves
4	it may end good , it may end bad , but it will be better than reality tv !
2	eu laws are shit as much i dislike mc and visa for doing this , it is their right to deny anyone business
6	what they dont tell you is that datacell said it would ddos mastercards servers and make this huge publicity stink if mastercard continued to not allow payments to wikileaks
1	good , make those motherfuckers pay through the nose for colluding with the government against the people
1	can we kill him now ? i mean the man has said it himself that he will once again become a global menace if given enough breathing room so let 's just take the fucker out and end this war once and for all
1	can we stop upvoting this please it 's baseless drum pounding what the hell is he going to do ? bomb countries thousands of miles from his country with his magical air force ? it 's not our fight , they have to sort it out themselves so it turns out france have been arming the rebels that 's great another term for rebels is insurgents so why are we on one side of the fence in libya and another in afganistan ? we need to get the fuck out of the middle east and concentrate on sorting our own countries out before we all go bankrupt edit downvote , away ! if you genuinely think you are better off as we pour tax money into bombing countries we 've never been to before , you must be the luckiest person alive ! i would rather spend our money on doctors , teachers , firefighters , nurses , local police , childcare and disease prevention
4	remember guys take everything with a grain of salt amnesty international never did find evidence of the mass rapes or mercenary armies or air strikes and really it just sounds like more talk which dictators do best they lied to get you to go along with iraq they will lie to you to get you to support another conflict yes he is an asshole but saddam was too and we gave him the weapons to attack iran the west sold weapons to gaddafi as well it is not good vs bad it is just foreign policy and it is time for libya to liberalize http i imgur com mupff jpg
1	interview with gaddafi 's son ( http www youtube com watch ? v rpmugpqc4zy & feature channel video title ) the whole lybia thing is a coup basicly in the guise of a humanitarian help plan it is trying to destroy the powers of lybia for special interests do n't believe the story about soldiers raping woman and gaddafi suposedly giving out condoms neither should you believe this gaddafi does not have the technology to send a missiles to europe its pure bullshit and for fuck sake people be skepticle for once , not all news is true infact most is propaganda especially the american news , you guys seem to be unable to learn from your mistakes
3	he cooperated with the war on terror , and refused to allow al qaeda into libya he 's not a good man , but he is not a monster he did not launch strikes against america or europe , it is america and europe that started the war against him
3	i live in italy and basically gadhafi has tried to bomb italian soil for more than a decade ( none of the bombs reached our territory ) the things he is saying somehow resembles the things saddam used to say about " the mother of all battles " basically , gadhafi is one desperate man trying to mantain power for as long as possible , brainwashing his weak supporters and promote " democracy ? ! freedom ? ! " with fear etc i do not necessarily agree with the presence of nato troops , aircrafts in lybia but it is a " necessary evil " ( like hobbes used to say ) he and his men has killed , tortured , molested , destroyed families , homes and hopes nato is there to establish peace and remove another dangerous mind from this infected reality the fact that he threathens europe somehow makes me laugh the only way he could reach the west is by promoting terror but a war ? ? naaaah
1	i hope they see reason and just take out infrastructure like a couple of bridges and some locks and avoids casualties if gaddafi attacks europe then the anti war movement would die out immediately every single european would support a full scale retaliation against gaddafi until he 's in the fucking ground
6	hey i read an article that president obama helped this girl meet justin beiber after she wrote a letter to him why do n't you ask him to hook you up and nuke gaddafi so you can get some hot , killing machine action ?
8	i didnt know families made homes in radar stations and tanks do you have any idea who you 're feeling sorry for ? it is amazing how people will completely ignore the crimes commited by tyrants if it means expressing your bias against the west by going on about imaginary deaths or exaggerating unfortunate incidents involving the west disgusting
1	but he 's the bad guy ? gaddafi is attempting to exterminate his own people via mass genocide his forces have gang raped thousands of women , children , and infants it 's hard to find a libyan who has n't lost someone at the hands of gaddafi 's brutality so yes , he is the bad guy can you fuck with that logic now ?
4	it is n't about helping some poor rebels or anything like that but it is of course there are always ulterior motives involved in human conflicts i'm sure oil is one of them but that does not change the fact that innocent civilians are being systematically hunted down by gaddafi forces and raped or murdered the libyan population is united in their opposition to gaddafi and they will not stop until the man is gone they asked us for help and we obliged
7	gaddafi 's response to protesters ( http en wikipedia org wiki <> libyan civil war treatment of protests ) " the libyan government employed snipers , artillery , helicopter gunships , warplanes , anti aircraft weaponry , and warships against demonstrations and funeral processions , and security forces repeatedly fired at protesters with live ammunition amnesty international reported that writers , intellectuals and other prominent opposition sympathizers disappeared during the early days of the conflict in gaddafi controlled cities , and that they may have been subjected to torture or execution " " amnesty international also reported that security forces targeted paramedics helping injured protesters in multiple incidents , gaddafi 's forces were documented using ambulances in their attacks injured demonstrators were sometimes denied access to hospitals and ambulance transport the government also banned giving blood transfusions to people who had taken part in the demonstrations security forces , including members of gaddafi 's revolutionary committees , stormed hospitals and removed the dead injured protesters were either summarily executed or had their oxygen masks , iv drips , and wires connected to the monitors removed " " military commanders summarily executed soldiers who refused to fire on protesters the international federation for human rights reported a case where <> soldiers were executed some of the soldiers executed by their commanders were burned alive " " the international federation for human rights concluded that gaddafi is implementing a strategy of scorched earth and seeks to eliminate and suppress libyan citizens who stood up against his regime " " human rights groups and aid workers had previously documented rapes by loyalist fighters during the war , including the rape of children some of the children raped were as young as eight aid workers reported that some children were being forced to watch their mothers raped and their fathers killed , before being beaten some of the rape victims were reportedly infected with hiv "
3	they started off protesting in mid feburary peacefully until gaddafi soldiers started violently cracking down like i said , storming a military barracks armory is not a mark of a peaceful protest after that , the protestors started getting violent violent peaceful protestors pathetic they only turned to foreign powers after realizing they could not take on gaddafi 's entire military head on this makes them traitors and should be killed off nothing worse than traitors also , back to the op , gaddafi was always a monster labelling someone a " monster " is childish he chose supported sides that you disagreed with that 's life i honestly doubt he helped us with terrorism out of the kindness from his heart more to improve economic relations with the world you make it sound like this is a bad thing in politics , there is only self interest nothing more , nothing less
3	because the " rebels " have overtaken most of the towns with the help of nato and the people fear if they show support in those towns they will be killed source ? and the msm hiding this fact source ? so the people supporting gaddafi in the video are supporting him because they lost their family members source ?
6	europe is part of nato bub they have veto power under your argument all nations need permission from a mythological " international community " to take action in their national interests but let 's play your game why should china have veto power on the right of another nation to act in its own best interests ?
4	i do not support the rebels for a number of reasons , one of them being the likelihood of a return to islamic fundamentalism to libya should the rebels win qaddafi has resorted to strong arm tactics and brutality to maintain power and control over the entirety of libya over the last <> years however , the likelihood of a genocide or large scale massacre in response to the rebellion is small and serves only as pro war speculation and propaganda as for your rhetorical abuse of rwanda do stop we had peacekeepers in place in rwanda , and they could have at least greatly reduced the numbers of casualties simply by making their presence known via numerous patrols the situation compares not at all to libya , in which the west is taking advantage of internal turmoil to pursue its geopolitical goals that is not at all worthy of praise what is most frustrating about us nato wars dating from the intervention in the former yugoslavia is that there is always a group of useful idiots willing to swallow the propaganda and lend the wars domestic support remember that next time a republican administration starts a war and the republicans follow blindly
4	outrageous ! he is threatening to copy standard us operating procedure in iraq and afghanistan does n't he understand that only nato has the right to conduct house to house searches ? however , i did manage to find evidence ( http www sott net articles show <> muammar gaddafi calls on libyans to resist colonialists ) of unanimous support within libya for western intervention " these were ordinary people , asleep in their homes , not soldiers , " one man shouted " where is democracy when they are killing children ? " cried another , gesturing at the infant 's fresh grave " the people who did this are the terrorists , shedding the blood of innocent muslims " oh wait he was railing against the nato bombing that had killed his <> month old niece however " no one knows how this will end , " said a worried taxi driver , negotiating the eerily empty streets " but this is an internal libyan problem the french and british should understand that people are afraid of these cruise missiles " oh maybe i'm not good at this i 'll just shut off my brain and tune into cnn later to find out what my opinion should be thanks for the help
6	like i said , i agree that there are probably ulterior motives including oil but how exactly does that change the fact that gaddafi is a crazed fascist who is currently attempting to eradicate his own people ? what do you propose ? stand idle and watch him commit mass genocide ? how come the us is n't in somalia , congo , hell , how many nations in africa could use the dire help the west is giving libya ? because the arab spring never reached africa the people there are n't revolting against their governments on the same magnitude as in libya
3	but how exactly does that change the fact that gaddafi is a crazed fascist who is currently attempting to eradicate his own people ? holy moly that 's one loaded sentence if there was an uprising in america , would the group be labeled rebels or terrorists ? would the attempt to squash this rebellion be called " eradication " or " attempt to restore peace and order " ? i guess it would depend on who controlled the media , right ? do you think that nato and the us would help libya if it did n't have any oil ? the us was secretly helping the rebels just two three weeks after they started the " rebellion " without that help , they probably would n't have gotten as much control as they did without that much control , gaddafi probably would n't use as much violence to stop them you sound like the kind of guy who will blindly accept anything bad about gaddafi without asking yourself if it is just war propaganda
1	wait , so he threatens to bomb homes and families , whilst we are actively doing it but he 's the bad guy ? just ca n't fuck with that logic
4	wow a " downvoted because it 's too radical left " comment i actually agree with do n't see that every day
4	it would wake people up to the fact that the world has become to small to feel invulnerable to threats from far away and how stupid it is to allow their governments to just attack other people for what ever reason they see fit i hope they see reason and just take out infrastructure like a couple of bridges and some locks and avoids casualties
6	why ? seriously , why do you think we should give mali veto power on killing a guy that has pledged to murder our citizens ? it is in our national interest , not to mention that of libya why would we need the permission of every tinpot dictatorship in the world ?
4	with threats like thay i think it is safe to say national security is allowed to override some fragile international will
8	nef beat me to it , those mass rape reports were false , like the throwing babies out of incubator stories in gulf war v1 <> no one is paying attention to racial cleansing done by the rebels though are they , sorry , i mean cia funded freedom fighters enjoy your fox news
5	we ca n't relate to the suffering we are causing you got it the wrong way you ca n't relate to the suffering that is happening there at the hands of gaddafi the man is a lunatic fascist that is hell bent on eliminating anyone who questions his authority few countries have shown this level of open aggression against its own population , not even burma or north korea are doing the kind of shit that gaddafi is currently pulling the libyan population begged us for help as they were being butchered what kind of sick person is going to say no and just watch another rwanda unfold ? the only right action would have been to decapitate the regime day one that 's what they tried but sadly gaddafi is a hard man to kill
4	after reading your posts i realized that you 're like a walking , talking propaganda machine edit there are these people in afghanistan and iraq that have been known to rape innocent people ( http www youtube com watch ? v t3w2mgq7v3q ) , killing innocent civilians ( http www alternet org world <> u s accused of killing <> civilians in afghanistan airstrike ) when bombing them the us and nato should send in an army to fight these bastards ! oh shit
4	you are so naive if libya did n't have oil nato and the us would n't bother to help them even if they asked you would n't even know if they 'd ask for help how come the us is n't in somalia , congo , hell , how many nations in africa could use the dire help the west is giving libya ? because they already have the leaders they want in those nations or the nation does n't have any valuable resources it literally has nothing to do with helping some rebels it 's all about oil they only play the innocent civilians angle to convince people like you that they should be in this war
1	it is not that i really want it to happen , i can understand that it would happen and i hope that it would remind people on how bad war actually is if someone starts hitting you i would only think it normal that you started fighting back so he stops doing that we live in fear of terrorist strikes and are all to keen to send people out to ruin the lives of people in other countries we ca n't relate to the suffering we are causing yes plenty of people will be angry when shit hits the fan but that anger will subside and make people wiser if interfering in an other countries affairs had been ok the only right action would have been to decapitate the regime day one now we are making libya poor for no reason what so ever
4	your issue seems to be more with the fact that your country is in the un the very reason for the un 's existence is to provide methods of diplomacy and to prevent war , which is why permanent members have the right to veto countries do n't need to be a part of the un but if they join they need to accept the rules it 's just like any other club , society or organisation
1	as retarded as he may be , gaddafi gives not a single fuck
4	in <> , after coming to power and confronted with the evidence of us assassination plots in various parts of the world , president lyndon johnson famously stated that the us was operating a damned murder , inc in <> , the church committee , which conducted the senate investigations into cia assassination plots , concluded that a policy of assassination violates moral precepts fundamental to our way of life an executive order issued in the wake of the committee explicitly barred the practice there was , of course , never a golden age of american imperialism however , the past <> years have witnessed a collapse of any pretense of legality and a democratic accountability a policy of state killing is the culmination of a process that includes unending wars of aggression , torture , detention without charge , and the erosion of democratic rights in the united states itself this has been closely bound up with the transformation of social relations within the us , the rise of a parasitic financial aristocracy and the extraordinary growth of social inequality policies like pursuing gaddafi s assassination as military strategy will have profound consequences the obama administration and the american ruling class have established their willingness to extra judicially kill anyone they view as an obstacle it is not only a warning , moreover , to political organizations or heads of state in foreign countries there can be no doubt that us government personnel would utilize similar measures against any significant domestic opposition
6	what do they have at this point ?
3	no his own people have been subjugated to gaddafi 's regime for decades and have been imprisoned , censored , etc they started off protesting in mid feburary peacefully until gaddafi soldiers started violently cracking down after that , the protestors started getting violent they only turned to foreign powers after realizing they could not take on gaddafi 's entire military head on http www youtube com watch ? v vaclhhhv43s also , back to the op , gaddafi was always a monster http en wikipedia org wiki gaddafi state sponsored terrorism i honestly doubt he helped us with terrorism out of the kindness from his heart more to improve economic relations with the world
3	please stop making up stuff the video was not made by me tripoli is the last remaining pro gadaffi bastion because the " rebels " have overtaken most of the towns with the help of nato and the people fear if they show support in those towns they will be killed the rest of the country are risking their lives daily to stop him the video portrays a different picture and the msm hiding this fact does not increases my confidence in that viewpoint at this point almost every libyan has directly lost family members to gaddafi 's regime , they will not stop until he pays in blood so the people supporting gaddafi in the video are supporting him because they lost their family members point taken
4	such an american view of the world as a european , even if he attacked us , i would n't support the war why ? it 's another oil war it is n't about helping some poor rebels or anything like that it 's just about oil i also love the way you see things do n't support a war against him ? then you must support a war against us ! it 's not like you can be against both !
1	if gaddafi attacks europe then the anti war movement would die out immediately every single european would support a full scale retaliation against gaddafi until he 's in the fucking ground which is why gaddafi might probably only do that if he 's clearly going to lose in a few days
4	he openly said on international tv that he was planning on going " from house to house , killing every single rebel in benghazi " people like you are the reason rwanda happened
8	come on dudes , i am already divorced once and will never marry again all you get with marriages is divorce welcome to the club , in my country ( canada ) the first gay weddings were followed ( by about <> seconds s ) by the first gay divorces ( they also get half )
2	<> , <> euro is small for a corporate ceo , maybe but for the average farmer , <> , <> income is hog heaven we 're discussing the idea of subsidization , but you 've just pointed out an implementation detail hair splitting as if you could have the former without the later eu citizens lose , because they have to pay for the subsidies with their taxes , and in stores for higher import prices , because of eu protectionism the infamous " banana wars " are a case in point , during which the eu tried to force inferior fruit on its consumers by keeping latin american bananas out of the market with quotas and tariffs
2	agreed the free trade zone did everything that european countries needed the euro removed the minuscule transaction costs of dealing in several currencies and the associated risk of volatility , but it came with a rigidity and an agenda for economic homogeneity that was never going to be realised if you build a car mostly from racing car parts , but include odd bits such as the wheels from a farm cart , the result is not going to be harmonious to hope that a wooden wheel will magically transform itself into one of mr michellin 's more delicate creations whilst on the track was never more than a silly dream
3	a more likely explanation with the unfortunate consequence that today europe is facing the results of a eurozone folie a dix sept
1	i disagree with the generalization , especially economically , but i do see your point but they gave up that option when then took up the euro i think though that we also have to look at their military spending as long as they are shoveling a huge portion of their rather meager gdp into a military that they believe is capable of defending them against their oft provoked neighbors , i think they will have a hard time paying their bills i just noticed those reposts fuck android fuck it all to hell
6	wwi bulgaria in pact with germany war lost wwii bulgaria in pact with germany ( axis ) war lost <> bulgaria sign the warsaw pact established at the soviet union s initiative <> pact disestablished <> bulgaria joined the eu ? ? ?
4	so the greek guy in the article is a shop owner ( bike repair ) just out of curiosity it would be interesting to ask him how many jobs he did last month and how many bills he actually rung
4	i love articles like that especially since they are so wrong , but then again it 's der spiegel , what did i expect spanish and greek youths are protesting ( for obvious reasons , although i think they both are acting entitled ) that 's hardly millions across europe
6	lol who would have ever imagined a big conglomerate of lazy , ungrateful , effeminate , hopelessly government dependent , business hating socialist parasites would eventually have financial problems ? all we need to do is get a wal mart over there and then we will own your worthless asses
8	the younger generations do n't remember a war torn europe creating disincentives for another large scale conflict on the continent is the single greatest achievement of the economic union
6	oh no ! we do n't want to work with a system that can potentially bring a huge amount of wealth and peace to us so instead we are going to reminisce about the good ole ' days when we were our own countries ! we totally lived peacefully , and thrived economically then its definitely not our own inability to get along with people who come from countries we hate for reasons we no longer understand
6	a lot would be achieved if politicians were n't serving the business lobbyists and special interests , but the people instead i always wonder if this is actually true are businesses getting rich by causing allowing crises like these to happen ? or are the youth just looking for someone to blame ?
6	you mean the easy mechanism the obvious mechanism is for them to cut their public sector and increase emigration to other parts of the union i think that the currency devaluation method is the easy way out
6	why was the euro ever introduced in the first place ? there was no lack of warnings by competent economists about its dangers ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> magazine <> t html ) we basically expanded our economic terrority no eurozone less exports germany has been consistently among the leading exporters on the world market since at least the <> so it obviously does n't take the euro we do n't get more out of the eu than we pay into it but we get more out of the countries , corporations and citizens of the eu than we pay into the eu see above germany did very well with the mark in the past if we lose that we would lose millions of jobs the euro has done nothing to stop the loss of jobs that has been going on in germany since the reunification nor the stagnation of real wages and salaries the value of the d mark would skyrocket , therefore exports would get more expensive and the price of your imports would fall accordingly has n't germany been much criticized in the current eurozone crisis for its export biased balance of trade , and to told buy more from other countries ?
6	in real value germany paid more but not nominally as real value represents the actual worth of money more accurately , does this mean you concede the point ? it deserves pointing out that the victors of versailles demanded payment of those <> billion in goldmarks ( http en wikipedia org wiki german gold mark ) , a currency based on gold and silver <> goldmark <> <> grammes of gold , or <> <> grammes of silver besides , german payments to the eu have continued since <> i would also like to ask what source your updated figures are from ?
2	woops
1	yes it has , because subsidies based on crop acreage and number of stock will inevitably benefit larger farms more than smaller ones we 're discussing the idea of subsidization , but you 've just pointed out an implementation detail furthermore , does n't the quote from the wikileak actually support the opposite ? <> , <> euro is small that aside , i reiterate local industrial agriculture is better than no agriculture at all according to a reliable source who wanted to remain anonymous , there is allegedly a compromise on the ceiling of individual farmers earning more than <> , <> euro where the beneficiary stands to lose <> percent of the subsidies while those earning lower amounts will lose far less that is n't ideal , but if you 're proposing that the eu remove subsidies as a result , i vehemently disagree baby and bathwater , perfect is the enemy of good , etc
5	too late walmart failed in germany because the appeal of buying a t shirt that is <> cheaper that has to be replaced <> sooner did n't appeal to the locals
4	lol , americans downvoting because they know they are in <> worse financial status than the eu
4	the eu exists because , not so long ago , we were going at war with each over every over decade and , after the last one , people thought it would be a good idea to stop doing this
6	it would still be way more democratic than the usa
5	the article is alarmist and misleading they had a protest in munich to support the psanish protests this weekend there were <> people there it was pathetic
2	so , you believe that germany invests in the european union out of sympathy for the poorer countries ?
6	so then germany the alberta of the eu it all makes sense now !
4	thanks i agree with you as above , and was also surprised by <> as ever , this was a political grand project , with its goal being to be grand , a flagship , but a flagship without a fleet or sailing directions one sees similar duke of york nonsense in eu policy on the environment ( biofuels directive ) and the social legislation that it has enacted apparently specifically to raise costs ( the grand old duke of york , he had ten thousand men he marched them up to the top of the hill and he marched them down again and when they were up they were up and when they were down they were down and when they were only half way up they were neither up nor down old english folk tune on the futility of ill considered initiatives )
8	i do n't think this is proof that the world is overpopulated , this is just a severe economic downturn in the global economy it 's also the result of a more globalized world where many jobs can be done more cheaply elsewhere having said that , i do think the world is overpopulated , and would like to see the population a lot lower than it currently is
2	it 's not the normal networking that bothers me , it 's the opening of a position in public contest for a specific person kind of networking in socialist portugal you open the positions , if well connected i am not that kind of person i am a regular voter , i am an active member of one of the top <> parties in portugal but that does not stops me from seeing and writing about what 's wrong i believe in honest hard work and i see many talents being wasted because lack of connections why should the son of our ex president get a top executive job in one of our largest corp at <> y o fresh out of the university ? it was hes first job ! i'm sure there were people much more experienced and qualified that were left behind because they did n't had the right connections edit typo
8	or <> sigh and accept
2	truly , why not ? might as well because this idea is as absurd as the idea that there are not enough jobs to go around if the elite who horde money actually invest it in growing the economy and creating jobs , we would n't have the choice between a shit job or no job
1	what all the voting i did was n't democratic ? you voted for a parliament that has very few powers , but high salaries , and quite some disreputable members i'm damn certain that the eu has problems , but frankly its better than sheer bitter competition wait until greece has to restructure its debt , and other eurozone members will have to cover the dozens of billions that have vanished out of their banks balance sheets than you are going to see some sheer bitter competition ! personally i 'd like some form of federalised continental nation good luck trying to create policies that will answer the needs of <> very diverse and heterogeneous nations one size fits all ? the euro monetary policy certainly does not furthermore i'm utterly aghast at the mess that greece is in , and now imagine the politicians responsible for this mess would n't need to borrow in the bond market , but had instead the power to transfer the tax money of other nations to themselves in your pan european " federalised continental nation "
2	yeah , thats how i got all my jobs statist morons
4	in munich we are actually doing just fine , thank you
2	absolutely , but the greeks themselves are just being whining little turds ( sorry , but it 's true ) they claim that they did n't do anything wrong but the politicians did it ! and now they do n't really want to fix the problems other people ( in their eyes ) created , but they just want to go on strikes and protest all year round like that 's going to fix their country it 's frustrating for me as a pro eu supporter to see how a country that has fucked up is almost gleefully trying to get itself either expelled from the euro ( and that would be a bad thing considering there are other nonimees that might have to get booted after ) or trying to go bankrupt ( and how that 'd help the greek is beyond me ) i'm not saying we should support hem indefinitely , but come on guys , yeah you got screwed , but this is n't helping the rest of us that are trying to help you win over the doubters
1	you 're absolutely right and , iirc , germany has a fairly robust federal system to deal with just that issue the larger the scale of a political institution , the more narrowly its powers must be defined but the eu does n't seem to understand this , and acts like it 's governing a municipality , a region , a nation state , and an international organization all at once that does n't work , and leads to the exact sort of problems that are now occurring
6	what about this for an idea that will probably get shot down in flames we keep the euro for international trade , business , finance and so on but allow individual nations to issue their own supplementary currencies for personal use ? they could be backed against gold cheese wine reserves ( or the euro itself ! ) and might allow for two things <> the prospect of not having mountains of debt being defaulted on by the wholesale abandonment of the euro along with all the messy associated consequences of that <> an organic decoupling of the real economy from the domain of speculative finance and stampeding herds of investors
4	thanks for setting me straight i had no idea the euro was introduced in <> , nor did i realise that those bundesbank sourced statistics you quote are relevant to the cost of small ticket items the common individual spends his her disposable income on prices of which rose consistently across the eurozone the whole goddamn point of the euro was to provide a unified command and control mechanism intended to provide economic stability and normalise costs across the zone raising prices in poor countries to the level of the richer nations while hoping and relying upon some mythical process through which the italians would get organised , the spanish productive , the greeks start paying taxes , the irish to stop gerrymandering and the germans to develop a sense of humour i wo n't mention the french and so on quite naturally , if i give you my car keys and you are already drunk , following which i get in the car with you and encourage you to put your foot on the accelerator before even a single driving lesson ok , screw the analogy and have spent <> of the last <> years in default then i certainly bear a significant measure of responsibility the crash that probabilistically occurs oliversparrow provides an excellent macroeconomic summary
2	so tell me why the number of family owned farms , who are allegedly to benefit from all this money , has been dropping for years , whereas industrial agriculture has been on the rise ? indeed , that is a problem , because industrial agriculture is high intensity and thus much more fragile to shocks ( e g oil price ) however , that has nothing to do with the idea of subsidization , but rather its implementation that said , local industrial agriculture is better than no agriculture at all i will also point out that you can lead a horse to water , but cannot make it drink there is a general attitude among the young generation that food production work is low prestige , even though it 's the foundation of civilization , so few want anything to do with it the average income of your farmers has not been improved that much either without subsidies they may have been the opposite of improved more data needed to support small eu farmers would be better without subsidies and food prices in the eu were not spared from the effects of the <> <> world food price crisis , were they ? first , eu may not produce enough food for its population , so it 'd still be vulnerable to external prices even if its local food were no longer part of those markets but the vulnerability is reduced second , there 's nothing wrong with price fluctuations so long as there is n't an emergency once there is an emergency , you can legislate all food production be rerouted to local use
2	to repeat it what nation within that union was supposed to have been a threat to peace ? all germany was see , and there 's your misunderstanding the coal steel union was n't founded to prevent any imminent war , but to make it forever impossible the us got a federal army ( which is unthinkable in europe ) as europe has a highly integrated and interdependent steel industry , both for exactly the same reason
1	what all the voting i did was n't democratic ? granted i got some right wing nationalists representing my country for my efforts , but i disagree there i'm damn certain that the eu has problems , but frankly its better than sheer bitter competition and if we can grow further together , personally i 'd like some form of federalised continental nation to grow out of it , then i think it would be good furthermore i'm utterly aghast at the mess that greece is in , i know that equally while britain is avoiding helping them benefits us i'm appalled that we 're not
4	krugman is right , we are entering a new economic dark ages if there are thousands of jobs vacancies and only a handful of people looking for a job , then you can blame the unemployed for not attaining the right skills to fill in one of those vacancies when there are millions of unemployed and no job vacancies , then you blame the government and monetary authorities this is not some weird fringe economic theory it 's the mainstream analysis of the great depression on which both keynes and milton friedman built their whole careers ask any competent macroeconomist and he 'll give you this correct diagnosis
1	i do n't think you understand anything about this the young generation does n't ask to dismantle the european union ( like their parents ) , but ask instead what is their future while their countries are on the brink of defaulting and they will have to pay the bill ( for their parents and grand parents mistakes ) now shut the fuck up
2	yeah germany would be so much worse off without having to support all of the countries that are failing
1	there 's a huge fucking difference between the cuddly , pan european , post nationalist desire for a supranational entity built on commonalities of shared histories , cohesive diversity and open borders and the fundamentally opaque , antidemocratic and parasitical , absurdly inefficient bureaucracy that passes the laws i believe the growing protests will ultimately result in close scrutiny to fundamental structural issues that have been swept under the rug and ignored by most except for marginalised fringe movements for far too long some of these issues are <> the euro was designed to simplify trade and unify productivity has so far ended up in making everything more expensive for consumers fueling rampant speculative bubbles in banking and property due to cheap credit and lack of breaks once provided by currency exchanges letting bankingscum seduced greek governments ( along with the irish , spanish and well , all of them to a certain degree ) get away with economic foolishness while believing themselves safe in the insecure knowledge that the safety net of the ecb would always have their backs <> the lack of transparent democratic process inherent in the bastard ( technical use , not pejorative ) institutions the political project of the eu has begotten i e length of us constitution <> pages of inspiring prose length of eu constitution <> pages of legalese , plus numerous appendices and fuck all public debate on the contents <> demographic challenges basically , old europe has n't been having enough babies the traditional population pyramid is becoming inexorably inverted leaving us with only a decade or two before there are more people over <> than under it que massive pension shortfalls and the realisation that no social welfare system in its currently systematized operation can survived when more people are drawing from it than are contributing from it so the original plan was to unify currencies , standardise goods and services across the union , increase migration as well as filling the chronic labour shortage by importing workers from the wider world but unfuckingfortunately , it turns out that there may be one or two problems developing and the feedback loops are resulting in poverty rooted intercultural , interclass discord and ghettoisation , erosion of european national identities the far right have always profited from tidal upswells in poverty despair and if we do n't tackle the very real problem cultural , economic and political in a mature and responsible way , they 'll goosestep with glee and may soon even start to win national elections then we 'll all really be fucked but , at least the trains might run on time again tl dr the protesters have got a point and their leaders should listen to the rationality of their concerns lest we end up tearing europe apart live together , die alone and all that
6	are you sure ? i coulda sworn i heard some kind of rumbling from upstairs or maybe that was just my psychotic drunk neighbor
8	we do n't want to work with a system that can potentially bring a huge amount of wealth to politicians , bureaucrats , and corporations , not to the people we totally lived peacefully , the eu 's attempt at peacekeeping in ex yugoslavia proved that they cannot get anything done without the us the current campaign in libya confirms this it was the bi polar power status of the cold war that brought peace to europe , not the eu its definitely not our own inability to get along with people who come from countries we hate for reasons we no longer understand painting the unemployed and excluded as right wing morons only shows that no rational arguments are left for the continued existence of this european union as one commentator put it aptly " the eu is a <> answer to the problems of the <> " in terms of preparing europe for the challenges of the future , it is a total failure proof compare the presence with the goals stated in the lisbon strategy ( http en wikipedia org wiki lisbon agenda ) ' its aim was to make the eu " the most competitive and dynamic knowledge based economy in the world capable of sustainable economic growth with more and better jobs and greater social cohesion " , by <> ' what a sorry joke
6	or perhaps it 's be something more like this oh no ! we do n't want to be shoehorned into a uniform bureaucratic system that encourages conflict and creates stagnation by attempting to create one size fits all policies for countries that are vastly different culturally and economically ! we know from history what kind of bad things can happen from creating centralized , unaccountable authority in europe
6	sure , at the same time the implementation is highly anti democratic the european executive power is embodied by the european commission and the european council they basically appoint each other with the help of some corrupt politicians of the particular countries the parliament is the only body under direct democratic influence and all it can do is veto the entire body of appointees while having legislative power it cannot even do any legislative initiative without the commission in short , too much power for an unchecked body of politicians when was that ever a recipe for success this usually runs well initially and quickly turns into corruption driven plutocratic regimes
2	rubbish there are advantages to the us system things i miss that said there are great things abluot europe a hybrid would better than either by itself
2	spending fully half of its budget ( more in the past ) on the subsidizing of agriculture for decades ! this is a problem because ? air , water , food , shelter , security are necessities , in that order if you 're not protecting your local food production , you 're a bloody idiot ( to put it mildly )
2	ironically , it 's the very strength of the euro that 's causing problems for greece greece should never have been allowed into the euro to start with they basically lied about their finances to get in , and as a result they 're stuck with a relatively strong currency at a time when they should be devaluing
4	right on i would like a unified europe but not anything akin to what the eu is delivering it needs to be taken out of the hands of corrupt bureaucrats and lifetime politicians and put into the hands of visionary leaders , but the world has a massive short fall of non media preening political leadership
4	for laughing out loud , drrichardcranium keeps pumping out these articles of how the sky is going to fall in the eu , but miraculously it really has n't
2	to repeat it what nation within that union was supposed to have been a threat to peace ? germany was occupied , divided , overrun with refugees , paying reparations , and bombed to pieces it neither could , nor wanted to , wage war again for the foreseeable future the danger of war after <> came from the soviet union and the warsaw pact organization , against which the ec eu had to rely on nato following the end of the cold war , the eu promptly showed its helplessness at peacekeeping in the yugoslav civil wars boast about the eu as a " guarantor of peace " all you like , the claim does not stand up to scrutiny
6	i have no idea why ( maybe i'm an imbecile as well ) but i found this comment insanely hilarious
1	if you 're not protecting your local food production , you 're a bloody idiot ( to put it mildly ) true , and as oil ( and therefore transportation ) prices increase and the odd food shortage panic pops up , i suspect this will kill ' free ' trade as we know it now
1	if you 're not protecting your local food production , so tell me why the number of family owned farms , who are allegedly to benefit from all this money , has been dropping for years , whereas industrial agriculture has been on the rise ? the average income of your farmers has not been improved that much either and food prices in the eu were not spared from the effects of the <> <> world food price crisis , were they ? you 're a bloody idiot ( to put it mildly ) look in a mirror , sport
4	good for them the people should be speakin out anyone you talk to has something bad or even shocking to say about their government but we all have to realize the government works for the people we ' re those fuckers bosses and they need to be reminded americans should be following europeans example your country is full of good honest people but you have the shadyest government of all and there fucking you ! and there talkin otter country 's down with it you guys need to fix this from the inside out
2	the article does much to talk about where people are today ( screwed and frustrated ) and some to talk about how they got there ( corrupt politicans working with corrupt banks ) and surprisingly little about possible solutions rearranging debts is not going to help anymore ultimately there is going to have to be a lot of debt forgiveness , or else nations are going to have to go bankrupt and start over the only way this wo n't happen again in the future , is if the corrupt banking industry and corrupt politicians are regulated and monitored properly in the future
1	the issue is there , but a tad exaggerated , the fact is no matter what you do , you can not completely satisfy everyone also , still doing <> better than america , u mad ?
6	well , there is a pointer to a very new world as the bigger systems get more integrated , subsidiarity really works and aberdeen focuses just on off shore engineering , delft just on education around engineering and geology here a retirement district , there a region specialising in elecronics start ups lots of economic logic to this , and a great deal of evidence that it is how clusters of ability function at their best but then we look across at liverpool , or the abandoned centres of old industry across europe , and wonder who and what concentrates in those ? well , you see run down districts in cities would they be any different ? is this not what house prices and rents do to populations anyway ? if we go that way , it will be the end of the nation state one sees , instead , a set of levels at which administration , economic oversight and so on are handled , and a maze of microscopic , largely self governing enities clustered around their particular specialisation
8	reading article " kafka esque " stopped reading article skimmed through the judgment continued reading the article
2	i 'd rather want highly educated foreign people than domestics with bullshit degrees
1	it 's usually a bit of both it 's pretty damn hard to sell your products if nobody has any money , so it 's kinda silly to claim that big company x is making more profit by prolonging a crisis
6	( some ) youth are looking for someone to blame commerce gets unreasonably rich when what are called " alienable rents " ar ecreated monopolies , narrow information bases , protectionism all of that gets bundled as " mercantalism " argentina under peron , or germany under hilter were good examples of this wages were forced down , and anly a few firms were allowed to operate through , for example , export or production licenses leading to a sittuation with with minimal competition what you have in europe is almost teh exact opposite of this wages held up , firms prevented from making their workforce fully productive , a host of regulations and a sprawling state the consequence is sluggish activity and , where this fungus has been allowed to grow without check , crisis as the floor boards give way activists love a clear target , a class enemy but alas for them , " we have met the enemy , and the enemy is us "
2	one thing i can say for sure , the main problem are corrupt politicians that serve the bankers big corp and not the people welcome to the world though i do admit , your country is my favorite of all the european nations i 've visited , and i wish no ill upon you just keep on keepin on and keep your country as gorgeous and fun as ever edit grammar
1	networking is never ever going to go out of style , i know it sucks , but you ca n't realistic expect that people do n't speak to friends and family about a position that has opened up in their company about the other things , vote people in office that do something about it and if they do n't , vote for somebody else you are not going to change the things that are fucked up by just sitting in a square in lisbon and chanting that everythings bad oh and if all politicians are bad , why not go into politics yourself ? if it 's all that corrupt , you must get an instant following
2	i enough people ca n't find jobs or some form of support then they will make one of three choices die , crime , or revolution
5	in other words , europe ( and the rest of the western world ) is catastrophically overpopulated it 's time to subsidize birth control and even abortions on a massive scale , and to stop and reverse immigration
6	young europeans do n't see how the eu helps them ? surely the author has heard of the erasmus programme
3	it seems like a lot of people without jobs are n't happy and have time on their hands they want an income , but do n't fundamentally have any idea what changes they would actually want to make to get there many of them also seem to have chosen studies that have only vague job prospects sagarra physicist gil international relations boyer engineer , worked as a technical sales consultant but " felt a deep sense of unease about the world " dekoumes works for his father who has a shop selling motorcycle tires karl " stacks beverage cases by day " , but went to school for sociology and political science when the economy 's booming , or at least growing quickly , you can often study whatever you find interesting , and eventually you 'll find someone who 's willing to pay you to work when the economy shrinks , if you did n't choose a career that 's in demand , it will be hard to find work it 's a hard lesson to learn , and with decades of economic growth , one that seems to have been forgotten , but it 's true the problem is n't " europe " or " angela merkel " or " bankers " it 's just the way things are if your skills are n't in high demand , you wo n't always be able to find a job
2	it 's not just the youth in europe north and south american youth are feeling the same kind of pain the babyboomers generational sense of entitlement and greed is the true culprit
2	i'm not a rocket surgeon , but i believe the guy was being sarcastic
1	the european council is made up of the heads of the member states plus the eu president they in turn appoint the commission the current mess was caused by de gaulle he wanted member states to directly control everything because he did n't want the uk joining much of the current stand off in the eu can be traced back to this one man
1	far too often i find myself writing out a huge response and saying " fuck it " before i delete the whole thing this time i said " fuck it " before replying to you giving thanks for the well thought out post
4	well said
2	bullshit it did n't get more expensive ( http www bundesbank de <> images grafik1 <> en png ) speculative bubbles in property and banking only happened in some euro countries and absolutely not in others , those were completely dependent on the policies of the respective country and not the eu those poor unaccountable governments who " got away " with their economic foolishness , if only someone could have stopped them clearly if i give you my car and you get drunk and crash it taking out a whole lot of inoccent bystanders , it is my fault for giving you the car the us constitution has not the scope the eu constitution would have had , it stems from a whole different legal history the population growth is not uniform across europe ( http en wikipedia org wiki file demographics of europe svg ) , while some countries have a ( big ) problem it is nothing unmanageable
8	you can blame the government and the banks for the bursting of the economic bubble , but what the government has done since has been positive , just not enough last i read , krugman was saying that the second great depression had been avoided , but that we were in for a very long period of " jobless recovery " but , my point was more that for a very long time people have been able to study whatever they felt was interesting without regard for how useful it was in finding a job , and now that the economy is n't nearly as strong as it was , that 's coming back to bite them the severity of the economic downturn means that even people who had good job prospects are now hurting , but the ones who are the worst off are the ones who studied pretty impractical things i see the benefit of learning for the sake of learning , but , at the same time , i hope the long term result of this is that more people take a more pragmatic approach at choosing what they 're going to study so that when there are the future inevitable economic downturns , they are more secure
4	yeah , he and the guy selling motorcycle tires have chosen education training with good job prospects engineers seem to stay in demand , and it 's not possible to outsource things like working on motorcycles , so there will always be some local demand there the rest of them , however
2	it 's not about europe vs the us vs china anymore , it 's about a money based system that is inherently broken and makes no sense vs a reason and resource based one money represents resources we 're at our absolute peak as a species as far as technology , productivity and knowledge goes , and we 're still not even feeding all humans everywhere in fact , a billion of us are currently going hungry what the hell is up with that ? if we 're at our technological peak , how can you suggest that humanity changes to a system that relies on technology that does n't exist ? how anyone can argue that a money and profit based system works with that fact and all these other facts lined up to boot is completely beyond me because it works better than any other system the venus project and the zeitgeist movement are repackaged communism given that every attempt to implement it at a national level resulted in economic disaster , where millions died in large nations , how can you seriously recommend them ?
4	seriously being single was like being in prison health & welfare inspections are awesome !
4	i understand their position , but they did violate the ucmj and they got caught the corps cannot ignore that and choose not to charge them because their actions might be understandable however , if the " selling " of benefits is a rampant practice amongst members of the service and not actively investigated and prosecuted , one could certainly make the argument that this prosecution is selective enforcement in the civilian system , that might get a case thrown out how that works in the military i'm unsure of their real mistake was both of them marrying marines it seems like it went from skirting regulations to outright fraud when it became both
4	one of the reasons i got out singles get treated like shit there was so much incentive to shack up that there 's literally a cottage industry that revolves around marrying service members to split the benefits
4	two of my good friends married to get the benefits him the extra income and for her the medical
4	as the comments of the linked article say , the last picture is the most shocking thank you for posting this
1	fuck riot police , they turn any peaceful protest violent now they 're just asking for it
4	and such a calamity it is i find this relieving there is a huge shortage of people willing to actually consider the potential severity of this disaster , however , this is an article addressing only the human cost i would also like to see some authority figures address the environmental cost as well i can only hope that the consequences of this disaster wo n't be buried in time and controversy
4	i 've gotta wonder , though why sour on the whole concept of nuclear power ? ok , it seems that due to a culture of cronyism and respecting authority over being right , the earthquake and tsunami caused very severe problems but there are other , newer , more secure nuclear power plants that survived just fine the current disaster throws light on government incompetence and corruption , it 's not like nuclear power is " evil " or inherently more dangerous than burning hydrocarbons ( environmental degradation ) , hydroelectric power ( earthquakes can damage dams and cause catastrophic flooding ) , etc the problem here is an incompetent , corrupt , self serving government , not how japan is powered the fact that it happened to be through neglect of nuclear safety that japan 's government screwed its people seems incidental , if it had n't been this it would have been something else
6	the whole thing is really just tragic what 's even more tragic is that , here in america , there is absolutely no coverage of it on tv barely anyone here even knows whats going on over there i'm afraid that no one here will learn anything from this i can remain hopeful , but it looks as though nothing is going to change
4	japan has such a rich and diverse geography that more native species of trees are found in the relatively very small japanese archipelago than in the rest of the northern non tropical hemisphere it is so naturally abundant that the indigenous yayoi people were the first people in the world to develop pottery why that 's surprising is because like north america 's pacific northwest the indigenous people developed complex civilizations without agriculture i own a very small piece of that land you can dig down with only your hand easily for meters and find only rich loam that the ldp allowed that rich natural heritage to be irradiated by incompetence and corruption , contracting with ge while at the same time taking millions of dollars from the cia , is an ecological crime of historic proportions such betrayal by corporate interests is not unique to japan and that to me is really what americans should take away from this and what hopefully the japanese people will find an arena in which to find some justice and recompense
1	the fact that people are n't flipping the fuck out at this amazes me
4	wow i guess the internet is dead bravo , prince
5	knowing assad fires him at what ?
5	sana 's report gave no reason for the firing of gov ahmed abdul aziz another beirut based activist , omar idibi , said the hama governor was respected by residents for trying to avoid further bloodshed not to worry i'm sure sana will announce that they suddenly discovered that mr abdel aziz is a secret mossad cia al qaeda operative after a few days , maybe he might even have an ' unfortunate accident ' or perhaps he 'll suddenly commit suicide by shooting himself in the head six times or more people who fall out of favour with the syrian regime tend to have a short life expectancy and often die under mysterious circumstances in other news , clinton and medvedev will applaud the move and call it " real reform "
4	for those of you who missed it yesterday , this is how the protests look like http www youtube com watch ? v nlgf3czbqbu https www youtube com watch ? v bpv69v2gyvw & feature player detailpage the number of protests have significantly increased
2	does ' nuke site ' mean ' nuclear missile site ' to just me ? seriously , calling a nuclear power plant a ' nuke site ' seems to indicate a level of bias
4	oh yeah ? well coal ! ! ! also , bananas ! by the way , causation is not correlation i do n't know what that means but i saw someone say it on r science and i thought it was a good argument
4	so , is there an actual recording of this ? it just seems like a strange thing for gadhafi to say
6	why would it be strange ? europe attacked him first
4	everything he says seems like a strange thing for him to say why stop now ?
1	in the article is says the us get 's <> <> million barrels a day domestically but uses <> million a day , which is why we are in the mess we are now with the middle east realistically , what would a day in a life be here in the us on <> <> million barrels of oil a day ? assume that we would have to cut it immediately for this scenario ( so no answers of us building <> wind farms or solar panels covering arizona )
7	convert all long haul trucking to rail that would reduce fuel consumption for freight from <> miles per ton per gallon to <> miles per ton per gallon that 's an <> reduction then , all trucking becomes short haul , where trucks excel that alone would probably reduce our usage by <> million bpd then , convert all long haul passenger travel to trains , providing good rail links between all cities and within cities that reduces by probably another <> million bpd that alone is a third of your proposed reductions of course , rail is pass , so good luck with that
2	well , its not a sensationalist headline , that 's for damn sure
4	haha , it was actually just a joke i like the title just fine
1	dense cloud of neutrinos temporal change of location of center of mass of solar system and so on either chipney had a stroke or this is some kind of joke i do n't understand
6	! ! ! http www physorg com news64 html http www physorg com news108836759 html apparently , for people , who do n't know about these anomalies , my posts will sound like some black magic this is the reason , why most of redditrolls are considering me a troll and this misunderstanding cannot be corrected , until they fill up their education
1	i think the chinese are pragmatic on this issue if it blows out to sea with the prevailing winds not much of a problem the problem is with the stagnation over populated areas the acid rain is secondary to the health problems suffered by the people though that is the reason the plants will be cleaned up
5	this is a publication coming out from pnas guys it 's a very strong signal that it 's legit , since it 's one of the <> leading flagship journals in the sciences i hate climate change denialism just as much as any other scientist , but we must respect the facts yes , anthropogenic global warming does exist , but other anthropogenic influences can also exist in fact , there was a brief period of global cooling in the <> due to all the sulfur by the heavy pollution in those years that all being said , this could be a temporary effect as china really does want to reduce all the health problems from all its sulfur and then we 'll see a period of accelerated warming unless we practice geoengineering or mitigation in some other way ( i'm quite pessimistic about the prospects of real co2 mitigation )
1	i tell you why because climatology is not really a science and these guys know shit about predicting anything they have their models which are far from working and much more far from be proven to work ( like <> centuries )
2	how is this possible ? alarmists have repeatedly informed me there has been no stop or slowing in warming , that the models have been completely accurate and that i'm retarded for thinking otherwise
6	i trought it was global cooling now its warming and cooling again ?
4	and so we mitigate so2 in the mid <> 's and the level decreases sharply by the end of the century global warming goes up sharply china pours out so2 and the temperatures level off hmmmm
4	yes , this is why some have suggested purposely putting so2 into the atmosphere , because it makes light colored particles that block some of the sunlight the problem is , it also makes acid rain , which is why the european nations were so keen to scrub it out of their smokestacks back in the <> and <> you used to see pictures all the time of european outdoor marble statues and building facades melting away bit by bit you do n't see that happening any more ! also , forests downwind of coal plants were dying because of the acidity of the rain china does n't have much marble sculpture , i do n't think , but they do have forests and farmland susceptible to acid rain , so i expect they 'll be trying to clean that stuff up soon they probably already have laws on the books , they just need to execute a few scofflaws to keep it real
4	my degree is in physics thanks to butch123 i am reminded of the platinum iridium meter prototypes ( http en wikipedia org wiki international prototype meter ) , which are <> platinum while these are interesting artifacts , they have never been important in understanding physics , and since <> their purpose has been supplanted by a more reliable measurement ( http en wikipedia org wiki metre standard wavelength of krypton <> emission )
1	you are not answering his question by such a response it does not help your position to appear unresponsive to a legitimate question your post refers to a number of things , lumped together , that most have not bothered to look into the iridium prototype i take it is referring to this the iridium standard meter rod will also have to become longer after some time the expansion of the universe does not have an apparent effect on the cooling properties of so2 the sun recently is pulled away from the barycenter of the solar system normally by the gravity of the gas giants their positions show an almost regular convergence which determines the distance the sun is pulled away from the solar system center this quiet period comes after a number of solar cycles that have built over the past half century the sun is now not pulled away from the center of the system and does not have as many sunspots generated and the reversal of the polarity of the sunspots has been changed as of now most sunspots show a unipolar nature this has not been observed before evidence of the start of the next solar cycle should have already occurred at the high latitudes of the sun no evidence of the next cycle of the sun is present we are in uncharted territory , the last time this happened was in the minimums of <> <> years ago magnetic lines of force inside the sun are not intense and as twisted as a normal cycle solar physicists are constantly discarding theory as it proves to be incorrect
4	pub release ( http www eurekalert org pub releases <> <> uot pfl062211 php ) link to paper ( http pss sagepub com content early <> <> <> <> abstract ? rss <> ) ( account needed ) my favourite part is that romantic stories heighten a woman 's ability to 'd etect ' sexuality basically horny ness
5	well that sucks ! where are some tips for guys haha , i ca n't even pick out the gay ones !
6	that worked so well , i thought it was faked
6	cheers for vid what is the armadillo for ? why is it being made ?
4	meh , the ones from armadillo looks cooler
4	very nice , very nice
3	and thus zombies !
4	good news , so by the time i 'll be <> it 'll be <> , hopefully they 'll have fixed the " potential bleeding " problem by then
5	i get why tons of reposts are bad , but what about people like me who dont scour the subreddits day and night ? i never saw that post and im happy this guy reposted it
4	this was interesting a week ago when it was first posted here http www reddit com r science comments idc4s drug reverses accelerated aging in human cells
1	no shit ?
4	i'm pretty excited about this i hope the cost is n't prohibitive which would cause insurance companies to shy away from promoting it
6	not a slicer , not a dicer , not a chopper in a hopper , it 's the amazing clench a matic !
8	insurance companies will do their same old bs song and dance , do n't worry
4	i look forward to seeing devices like this become more regular
5	yeah , i know i can see them getting their memos ready that say this is nothing more than superficial , elective , and wholly unnecessary surgery sigh
2	shit i live in la
1	contemplating your navel , not just for philosophers anymore !
4	i also wish to volunteer i would even drive to their lab at state !
4	well , i always liked brian 's work as david silver on beverly hills <> , so i guess i should check this book out
7	great book most of the copies of me enjoyed it immensely
6	or is it more like , you cease to be interested in any hot girls even the one that likes you ?
6	well , it 's not exactly surprising that there are multiple evolutionary strategies right ?
6	the study says that an attractive person will stop seeming attractive , if they show interest in you i think this is regardless to your romantic situation
6	if i'm in a relationship , and someone more attractive hits on me , knowing i'm in a relationship , i 'll tear her throat out shrugs i was surprised to learn it could be any other way
5	something worth more than this squiggly line
1	save the <> bucks , what i said is the correct answer
4	so in other words " any port in a storm , amiright ? " great work , science , did n't know that already
2	since the article is behind a pay wall , there is no way to determine whether or not the abstract is full of shit or not
1	awww , now love is scientifically blind ( at least until you get laid )
5	alcohol desperation
8	too bad that most people do n't consider someone attractive based solely on their face also , hot is n't the same thing as attractive
4	ah , so that 's what they meant by the second sentence in the abstract makes more sense than what i 'd said , hahaha thanks for the clarification !
4	if we tie this to the theory that girls seem to be attracted to guys who are already taken , we should be able to attract the girls by ignoring them logic ! ! !
2	no , screwing fat chicks can be fun
5	these both seem like strong possibilities but i ca n't decide which one is more likely because the title is botched and i do n't have <> to read it myself !
8	yes , you 're correct time for redemptional karma kiri
1	even better fucking retardation
4	right your version of the title also would have garnered more upvotes
2	for a short period of time then come the hookers
1	i have a deep believe that anything can be described simply , you just proved it i think universities almost only use big words because they want to sound smarter then the average person , which i think , is bullshit
8	? ? how was the title hard to understand ? granted , it uses some psychology jargon , but it 's not particularly difficult to decipher tl dr could 've been worded better , but i 've seen much worse ( also , it seems it was translated from german )
1	if it sounds weird , it may be that you are not familiar with the terminology of that field
1	i agree i read that abstract and thought to myself , i have no god damn idea what they are trying to convey
2	no more ambiguous questions ! ! ! ! ! !
8	my husband works in a highly technical field he honestly believes if you ca n't explain something simply , you do n't understand it yourself i also think if you ca n't talk about something without using aphorisms , or cultural slang you have a lazy mind
1	it 's that damned question that 's throwing you off at least that was the case for me if i only read the part after the colon and ignored the question , i would have understood the title the first time i looked at it with the question , you think " yeah , this is about how people need to lower their standards " and then the rest makes no sense i think what the op was trying to get us to think with that question was " yeah , you ca n't be checking out all the other hot babes hunks when you 've got one right in front of you who 's interested "
5	my apologies i was probably trying too hard to use semi technical to be accurate
1	there 's no justification at all i think most authors are so excited to get into a journal that they just sign away their rights
1	it does n't mean a goddamn thing at all why is this even being upvoted if even the title is gibberish
8	what 's that squiggly you got there next to yer <> ?
4	that is a fascinating anecdote , thanks for sharing
5	when you submit an article to the journal , you give up the copyright wow , my respect for scientific journals as a whole just took a nosedive do you know what their justification is for taking copyright instead of publication rights ? my google fu has failed to find anything useful on the subject
1	i do n't even understand the title why should i even bother opening the link ? if science is n't presented in a understandable way , then it 's being done incorrectly ps i am not dumb i am studying mechanical engineering and know that not everything can be explained in simple words but come on ! edit i did actually read it saying " why should i even bother opening the link ? " was meant as a rhetorical question !
2	am i getting this right ? ( you spend your days looking at hot girls on facebook , but when one of these hot girls shows interest in you you then stop browing hotties on facebook and simply hang out with the girl that likes you ? )
4	gotta love that hindsight bias
4	right , that 's the complete opposite haha
1	basically , if she wants to suck your dick , it does n't matter if she looks like janet reno where 's my dipl psych ?
1	what the fuck does this say ? it sounds like if someone is attracted to you and then you act attracted back they are suddenly no longer interested this would explain a lot
1	shitty articles like this getting <> upvotes is how i know i'm not the biggest fucking idiot on reddit thanks guys
4	yes , i know that now
1	is there a german version of that abstract around somewhere ? i 'd really like to read it vielleicht verstehe ich dann etwas mehr !
7	we found a winner !
4	welcome to academicspeak
1	who the hell actually reads the evidence ? we trust the journalist 's , amiright ?
4	i was just kidding , i read the comments and then the abstract thank you for your coherent explanation p
1	in that wording , yes , onehundred fucking percent !
1	i can do even better if someone you want to fuck indicates that they want to fuck you , you stop noticing other hot people
5	for retards maybe , i'm way too smart to understand it
4	i like this abstract it demonstrates good creative use of scientific hypothesis formation and testing and shows how doing so can open up a new phenomenon in a way that allows it to be better understood at the neural level anyone can observe a behavioural trend , but rarely is it easy to link behaviour to underlying patterns of processing social neuroscientists and evolutionary psychs will have a field day reading this
1	i 'll alert the press
1	basically , it 's saying that the little alarm that goes off in your head everytime an attractive person crosses your field of vision will stop going off once you start conversing with a member of the desired sex that you think wants to fuck you , too got it ?
6	would if i mate while thinking of other hot people does that make me more evolved because i can do both ?
1	i'm not sure but i was in the supermarket the other day and it was full of ugly fat fucks every aisle was just an array of pasty fat fucks with coupons
4	the title is n't very clear , but i think they mean that you 're less automatically attentive to attractive faces if you have a mate ( someone that shares a mutual interest with you ) totally true , when i was happy with my ex boyfriend i did n't notice how attractive his friend model was after we split i definitely realized haha
6	well , i'm in cs and we praise change every day in our research proposals and marketing material i think it sad that we do n't do the same in the candidate selection criteria i am only asked about my pet projects once every <> interviews ( and they are interesting )
1	my concern is actually as much for the authors as the general public expecting someone to relinquish copyright ( any claim of ownership of their work , basically ) after a paper or article has been written is generally considered by the majority of the publishing industry as a shitty thing to do
2	relax , almost all articles are free after <> <> for the general public are they bollocks
2	i know i would n't be here reading comments otherwise , even if the title was still non sense
2	no , that 's even worse
7	thank you
4	we do tend to be more fun in bed , sometimes
1	if you want to fuck somebody who wants to fuck you , you do n't pay as much attention to other pretty people as you did before you found someone who wanted to fuck you
1	downvotes suck <> is fucking outrageous
8	when you 're single , you automatically check out anything hot that crosses your path when you have the potential to get into a relationship , this stops being reflexive presumably to drive focus onto the potential mate and ensure the continuation of the species
1	it is n't your fault that title is horribly incoherent
2	though pretty , downvoted because not a science story
2	technology ? ok but that 's engineering , not science down voted for lame <> pic per html page without a single page option
1	so many things wrong with this no sense in delineating them
6	not safe for what ? ! i must know ! cool story
2	dae see a penis in that dino pic ? lol
5	sounds like a disease to me as time goes on you become more frail , become more susceptible to diseases , lose mobility in limbs and your mind begins to decay it 's a pretty horrific disease
8	yes , because we are progressing very rapidly in space exploration right now republicans now will keep cutting the space budget so they can get the taxes removed from their bio cores that keep them alive
1	so said nathan shock , bernard strehler , benjamin frank , johan bjorksten , roy walford where are they now ? all dead http chronopause com index php <> <> <> going going gone
1	i 'll already be old ! i wanna hear about age reversal , yeah ?
4	great ! now how about those suicide booths ?
5	first we already have too many bunnies and not enough lettuce , second i do n't want the world run by trillionare immortal psychopaths this poses a quandary
5	i thought that global warming will kill us in <> years
8	great , that means i almost certainly have <> years of life left
4	i had a good laugh at this cheers
6	the universe is a big place , we 'd be fine as immortals
2	it says porn , not reddit , i think reddit actually makes you a bit smarter
5	" a healthy <> year old , when i first watched porn online at age <> , i felt like i was going to have an orgasm without an erection that s how powerful an effect the it had on me " " im sorry but thats the funniest thing i have read this week
5	yiiihaaa ! the end is near ! repent my friends
4	the general idea is that they found a way to get a machine into cells that only releases its contents when desired the fact that the machine is made of dna is cool but not relevant to the engineering discovery 's importance imagine having little closed boxes in your cells , and those boxes contain drugs that relieve symptoms of a chronic disease the boxes only open when the disease symptoms show up this is the general idea
5	its sad that this , the most dumbass comment in the thread , has the most upvotes , while the intelligent stuff is all downvoted
8	well , there is a emptiness in the theory that is filled by something all we can do until the whole world of physics is shattered is think about what could fill in the gaps
4	that 's one of the outstanding theories the problem is that the theoretical value for vacuum pressure is <> <> times the observed value for dark energy , so we have a huge way to go before we can reasonably call it an explanation
1	careful now before long you 'll be calling it god
8	" one of a number of seemingly implausible features of dark energy is that its density is assumed to be constant over time so , even though the universe expands over time , dark energy does not become diluted , unlike the rest of the contents of the universe " that is , until we learn how wrong we are about dark energy
4	erm i guess this is accurate kinda ? a better way to view it is that dark energy is just an inherent property of space , so saying that it does n't become diluted is n't really meaningful when you frame it that way it 's really quite plausible
4	thanks for the clarification
2	" dark matter " is a terrible name for it all that has been observed is pure gravity without any associated matter but because they called it " dark matter " everyone assumes it must be matter or some sort and it may be , but all that has been observed is pure gravity
1	well then , how am i supposed to finish my science fiction novel now ! ? but seriously is n't there a chance that we really have no grasp of either concept , and , in the end , they might turn out to be one in the same ( and not at all like what we considered each to be on their own ? ) from what i understand , some theories involve <> or more dimensions and we 're attempting to explain those theories with quite limited brain power ? unification seems to be such a common goal of physics but they 're talking about unifications in " our " world ( i e , <> dimensions ) whereas " true " unifications could involve a multiverse with infinite dimensions edit also , seriously " zero " ? you 're clearly not a scientist ( i could have wikipedia 'd your response , which i did , but i did n't find it at all informative )
7	there 's a very good chance of that !
2	and mathematicians like priests , but without teh pedophile and just a little of teh gay
1	the problem is n't that the lack of a mathematical explanation is giving people false impressions ( if it were , you would not be able to understand the relevant math with just high school calculus no matter how heavily it was annotated , but that 's another issue ) i 'll illustrate the problem here by saying basically what it sounds like you 're saying " with regular integrals and numbers , the integral from <> to <> of x is <> , so it seems reasonable to think that , if the integral from <> to <> of <> <> were a form of integral and pi a form of number , they could also have a relationship also , it seems as if , just going by text based explanations , both could be related , without being the same thing , through being manifestations of something popping in from another derivative limit graph whatever basically , both thumbtacks and wads of gum poking from the carpet backing of calculus into the carpet " see the problem ? it 's not that you 're just lacking the mathematical details you 're just throwing together random ideas , some of which do n't even make sense if someone went to you with the above paragraph , would you be able to just respond with an explanation of how integrals work ?
2	what comments are these specifically ? the only ones i see with negative karma are bad ones and chipney 's and chipney is getting downvoted because he advocates retarded things in general ( although he admittedly has a point here )
8	i understand that you 're the person here who understands the math i think the problem here stems from the terminology with regular matter and energy , e mc <> , so it seems reasonable to think that , if farm matter were a form of matter and dark energy a form of energy , they could also have a relationship also , it seems as if , just going by text based explanations , both could be related , without being the same thing , through being manifestations of something popping in from another dimension universe layer whatever basically , both thumbtacks and wads of gum poking from the carpet backing of the universe into the carpet i think what would help is if somebody took the mathematical explanations and annotated them heavily enough that someone who 'd gone up to , say , calculus bc in math could sort of understand the equation based explanation without having to actually take five mote years of math just to know what the notations in the equations mean even if we still did n't understand the math very well , maybe just seeing how the ideas were formulated mathematically would help bridge the gap between your understanding of this and ours
4	im sure he is very smart , but he is mixed up about the expansion of the universe it is accelerating this isnt something that can be explained away buy choosing the correct point of view
2	since i started bitching maybe they got tossed a couple of pity upvotes
5	so the universe is constantly expanding , and we do n't know where the nothing is coming from ? would n't it make more sense to think that we 're expanding into an already existing nothing rather than postulating that the nothing is expanding along with us with these bizarre properties ?
2	dark matter is pretty uncontestably not a mess like , we do n't quite know what it is yet , but basically everyone agrees that there 's just a bunch of matter with no electromagnetic charge flying around galaxies
4	magic , got it
6	think of physics like magic , engineers as practitioners , and physicists as wizards and alchemists
4	yes but then you have to call gravity magic too
8	theres lots of great comments go check out the <> ones to learn something to answer your question because in this universe things dont accelerate unless there is a force acting on them f ma
4	yes , that 's the point the extra space is being created , rather than the universe expanding into already existing extra space
4	i think amarkov 's responses are fine , and i understand why physicists who understand the math get frustrated with people who just know the text based popularization version , but i think the down ratings are a bit much drpon is n't saying that perpetual motion machines exist , or that aliens have wiretapped everyone 's fillings this is really just a question about , " where are the limits between what we really know and what we kind of sort of know ? " i think those are reasonable sorts of questions we may not really know whether stars exist , or whether we exist , on a deep philosophical sense , but it sure feels as if we exist and we can look at stars we do n't know for sure if we 've ever interacted with dark matter or dark energy i think it 's entirely reasonable to be more skeptical about statements about things that are far from everyday experience
1	that makes very little sense we 've observed gravity , and we know gravity is caused by the presence of matter , so we have therefore observed matter this is like arguing that we have n't actually observed stars , because we 've only observed photons which we think are emitted by them
2	can we just start calling it magic ?
2	i think you need to read popper again you 've created a very bad definition of your notion of " unreasonable "
1	something has to keep pumping that into our universe then zomg interdimensional aliens dumping toxic waste <> ! <> ! oneone !
2	would it be stupid to assume that dark energy is space itself ?
8	maybe we should just start calling it the dark ether on a side note , it does make me wonder when some einstein caliber genius will finally come along and shame all of this " dark energy matter " mess into its grave
8	at the end of the universe , some many billions of years away from us now , people will still exist , although altered lacking heat , entropy , substance , these cold ones envy our past our substance our movement thus , using dark and eldritch machines unlike any we can define , they send themselves hurtling backwards through time , to the present day now they sit , just out of sight watching us that is what 'd ark energy ' is
7	" our dark energy , who are in heaven "
4	oh , i see thank you for explaining that
2	i think that 's wrong i think far away galaxies do move away faster than lightspeed , or else the known matter would all be in a circle of max <> billion lightyears space time is being warped by galactic masses and as such space and matter cannot be regarded as separate entities that do n't influence each other
1	dark matter is not mysterious it is matter which does not interact electromagnetically we do n't have confirmation of what specifically it is yet , but that does n't mean ooh maybe it 's not matter after all ! similarly , dark energy is not as mysterious as you imagine it ca n't " not even be energy " , if you work out the math then there 's an energy term associated with accelerating metric expansion it 's very possible that dark energy is a consequence of something more interesting than " well it 's just there because because " , but that does n't mean we completely do n't understand what 's going on
1	actually , i was kinda hoping a physicist would come in and explain why i'm wrong , and that would have been the best comment in the thread
2	are you confusing dark matter and dark energy ? the two are pretty much opposite in their effects
4	well , the interesting thing here is n't so much that dark energy is constant as that it does n't " spread out " with metric expansion which is true of all dark energy models ( admittedly , there is quite a bit of variety in them )
8	dark energy grows in strength as the universe expands im sorry that seems " weird " to you however , the universe doesnt really care what you find weird or not
4	dark energy is a really fascinating phenomenum the universe started with a big bang , and it was always assumed the galaxies would slow down their rate of expansion as time went on due to gravity pulling on them instead we find they are flying apart at faster and faster rates decidedly not like a typical explosion what is pushing them faster and faster apart ? i dont know , but all the good comments on this are buried at <> enjoy your karma
1	nah , not the case at all but when someone says that there 's a <> chance of something happening , i have to call bullshit on their scientific literacy you ( and i , and everyone ) make assumptions every day about how the world works please do n't call our questions or assumptions ( or " hypothesis " ) " oogly boogly " i mean , if i wanted real , accurate answered to these questions , i certainly would n't be asking reddit i 'd be asking someone who is trained in the field ( and please do n't say , " well , i have a phd in quantum blah blah " )
1	nah , not the case at all but when someone says that there 's a <> chance of something happening , i have to call bullshit on their scientific literacy you ( and i , and everyone ) make assumptions every day about how the world works please do n't call our questions or assumptions ( or " hypothesis " ) " oogly boogly " i mean , if i wanted real , accurate answered to these questions , i certainly would n't be asking reddit i 'd be asking someone who is trained in the field ( and please do n't say , " well , i have a phd in quantum blah blah " )
2	thanks for following up a dumbass comment with a smartass comment
2	it 's a <> chance because it does n't make sense in order to ask the question " is it possible that the higgs field and dark energy will be unified " as though it is meaningful , you have to not understand what either of them is not knowing things is n't some sort of horrible sin , but you ca n't pretend that your uninformed opinion is equivalent to anyone else 's informed opinion
5	her vision of scientific american as a modern , fast , nimble and experimental media organization , too bad it 's no longer a great magazine about science by scientists , like it used to be it 's been suffering from various sorts of exotic " vision " for more than a decade
1	i 've heard the call for a " facebook for science " from all parts of the scientific spectrum ( academia , government , media , etc ) , but the problem is that all of the parts of that spectrum have different audiences without much functional overlap something like mendeley ( http www mendeley com ) does some of the things you describe , but is of little use to non scientists likewise , the direct benefits of interacting with the public is not obvious to the average researcher until there 's more common ground between the academic content business and the public content business , people will keep to their side of the aisle informaticians like johan bollen are working on some of the technical hurdles that have stymied such a merger in the past ( check out mesur ( http www mesur org mesur html ) , for example ) , but it 's also not clear that the public is willing able to participate at a level that would make such ventures meaningful
4	could you elaborate ? i'm a science phd student and rather enjoy the occasional sciam buy , but i 'd be eager to hear what has gone so amiss
4	it used to have more in depth articles , and some great columns ( amateur scientist , connections ) now it 's watered down and full of ridiculous ads or at least it was a few years back when i canceled my sub american scientist ( americanscientist org ) comes closest to what sci am used to be , imho
4	i advise anyone who reads the article to carry on reading into the comments , there 's interesting responses from ben goldacre and others there
2	i want to live until i choose i want to die
1	regarding everyone pointing out that rich people will be able to get in on it first fine by me let those bastards run the beta program for a while when it stabilizes after a decade or two , i 'll gladly take a <> century mortgage for a few millenia alive what 's a fifth of my life ( at most ) ? as long as it is n't indentured servitude in a lumber yard or some shit
5	so said nathan shock , bernard strehler , benjamin frank , johan bjorksten , roy walford where are they now ? all dead http chronopause com index php <> <> <> going going gone
1	alright r science , now tell me why i should n't be excited
4	interesting , to say the least i 'd like to live for a few hundreds years , perhaps more than a thousand but no more than that it would be weird , though , would n't it ? fathers ( or mothers ) , sons , grandsons all being the same physiological ' age ' ?
8	you think the people running the world are heartless now ? give them an extra thousand years to live if this tech does not become cheap fast , it will destroy this species by splitting us into rich immortals and mortal poor
2	sorry dude , you 're wrong i am old now and would relish the idea of living one hell of a lot longer plus , i do n't have my flying car or jet pack yet and not to be limited , i 'd also like to see interstellar travel , holodecks , and a decent os on a pc
1	that is total bullshit i'm in my mid <> 's and would live indefinitely in a heartbeat as long as i was in reasonable shape and could enjoy life
4	robert heinlein wrote a set of stories which included " time enough for love " that dealt with this very issue i 'll say that he was a very open minded person
1	there will be bigger problems before overpopulation kicks in , imo overpopulation would take probably a few hundred years for the anti aging treatments to become completely widespread in the short term , though , one of the most progressive forces in human society is death do n't like your country 's shitty dictator ? well , he ca n't live forever do n't like the spanish inquisition ? it 'll die out eventually someday your boss will retire , and you 'll have the chance to take his job gay marriage would have been universally opposed in the <> , mostly opposed in the <> <> , and is going to be mostly accepted in the next <> years as the <> year old crowd is thinned with human immortality , none of those things are true if you do n't like el presidente , you 're going to have to kill him your boss is never going to retire , because this job is how he pays for his immortality treatments social mobility would drop to zero the rich will get richer , the poor will get poorer youth unemployment will go through the roof , as no one will be leaving the work force anymore it 's a recipe for a massive number of disaffected young people you know , the kind of people who do n't give a fuck about causing mayhem
5	rich people everywhere will have the luxury first , but yeah maybe mostly americans and europeans i'm not disagreeing with you but maybe there are other plausible ( and more optimistic ) scenarios ? is n't there a chance that when we expect to live indefinitely many will also postpone getting their first child indefinitely ? with the life expectancies we experience now there is already a great number of women who wait too long before their first pregnancy and find that they ca n't get pregnant you could expect all sorts of major cultural changes when everybody expects to live drastically longer , so the future will be hard to predict
6	i'm curious , why no more than that ? if it 's a worry about lack of things to do after a few centuries of life i 'd be happy to give ya some ideas personally i could fill millions and millions of years living in worlds , both virtual and real ( though i'm guessing the line separating the two will be very blurry in the near future )
6	it 'll require some extremely stringent population control measures people of the future will find it amazing that everyone is free to have as many kids as they want i wonder how the mormons will take the news
4	good points i never considered religious ramifications i think that people will give up their religion with a huge fight so if even some people are dieing in accidents , their souls still go to heaven real immortality with a backup of your consciousness would likely cause more uproar though i would admit that it is such a huge game changer , none of us will likely predict the correct outcome you are right that it would be revolutionary , i did n't mean to downplay that my point was people wo n't go apeshit when mr elite is going to live to <> years then it will be <> , etc all incremental increases to keep the youngsters from questioning anything it wo n't be forever overnight that might cause some different drama
1	i think you are way overestimating people gulf spill , fukushima , fracking , etc have all caused massive damage to people they are in many cases guaranteed to die from these events while the perpetrators get even richer and no one has done a damn thing
6	how many people do you know that think , " it will be better when i get to heaven ! " there are a lot of them , what happens when they ca n't or just do n't think that anymore ? what happens when they see for the first time how hugely responsible they are for their own " eternity " it 's a society changer it 's a human value changer it 's a revolution of such proportions in human thought to be likened as the enlightment times a billion if you do n't think there would be revolutions in every way imaginable by the prospect of real immortality , i'm surprised to say the least
7	and we can love forever
2	one can always avoid accidents , though generally only by avoiding life rather than really living it the problem is that we do n't know everything and we probably never will there are some things that may even actually be random , instead of just appear so so , if you have a <> <> or <> chance of dying in a car accident in <> years , as the time approaches infinity , the probability approaches <> or <> it does n't have to be a car accident , though it could be a meteor , war , choking on your food , murder there are things that are beyond our ( each individual 's ) control and some that will probably always be of course , you could argue quantum immortality in the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics , but the discussion would effectively end there either way , forever is a pretty damn long time i 'd probably kill myself , eventually , even if just out of boredom
2	aubrey put it this way these rejuvenation technologies need to get funded some way and government funding is unlikely so let the rich be the lab rats right now there is a growing but somewhat unfounded interest among the western world in longevity in order for the majority to step on board ( researchers and public ) , they need demonstrations but until they cough up the change , the sensf is limited in what they can accomplish in the timeline aubrey has announced so the rich have been and will continue to be for some time the only ones who can supply sensf with the billion or so dollars it claims it needs if the majority of middle to low wage income families in america at least are truly afraid of what you have just claimed in your comment then they can tell their representatives and senators to subsidize these longevity technologies unfortunately , the majority of americans still claim to be religious and thus see no need for living indefinitely ( for the time being ) when they have some rosy expectations of an afterlife this crowd will really only get on board once these technologies are proven , as they will be perceived as the new standard of living aubrey also seems confident that a restorative approach where people stay young is much cheaper in the long run compared to providing for the expenses of the elderly indeed , the last few years of a person 's life are the most expensive ones if you know any million or billionaires make sure to tell them about sensf
1	but touch my tears with your lips
4	great , we 'll never get rid of baby boomers now (
5	that had very little to do with nintendo i am disappointed
2	that is assuming society remains unchanged who says it will be the norm to have children in <> years ? either way , what is exactly is a mistake ? would you rather we did n't try to cure diseases , prevent alzheimers , prevent old people from getting weak ? how about we cancel all cancer treatment in fact , let 's just close all the hospitals , let anyone who 's sick die and ban doctors that 'll help on the overpopulation issue !
4	yeah , cancer incidence goes up exponentially with age it 's quite possible that many anti aging treatments would actually increase the incidence of cancer , as they would provide some of the things cancers need ( telomerase expression , capacity for self renewal , etc )
2	rich people everywhere will have the luxury first probably , but i don t think it would last very long people can accept they will never live in a million dollar house like the rich guy knowing he will get to live in it forever while they take a dirt nap might be a bit too much for some people to take
1	rich people will be able to live forever they will also be able to genetically modify their babies so that they are superior both physically and intellectually remember gattaca guys ? ! ?
1	not me !
6	exactly i think when i'm <> <> years old i might say " okay i saw quite a bit of things and stuff good night everybody ! "
7	yeah that was then this is forty years from now science is a rapidly explosive progression
4	the real challenges so far have n't been in the research but in evangelizing to secure funding and changing the public 's perception of the aging process right now the sensf is only receiving a partial amount of the funding aubrey claimed would be required to achieve the timelines he mentioned , and even then he said the likelihood of achieving this timeline would be close to <> i think things are going exactly or even better than their expectations
2	not to mention cancer if we do n't find cures for different cancers , which most people get eventually if they live long enough , " curing aging " wo n't be as interesting yay i get to live until i get cancer instead of a heart disease !
2	that is all theoretical literally every part of what you just said is theoretical there is absolutely no way to know what this would do to culture i could honestly see it being incredible for us it would make scientists more interested in space colonization , as we would finally have lifespans that correspond to the ridiculous time it would take to go anywhere of course , what i'm saying is theoretical too , but i just think we ought to give it a shot haha
2	yes , but not with as much frequency his statement made it seem as though none of those things would ever factor into those eventualities which is just not true they are main contributing factors in many instances of those things and being pushed is n't the only way to fall down steering into oncoming traffic is n't the only way to get into an accident and , well , that last one was n't really well thought out because i did n't want to leave it out but i'm sure there 's an example somewhere that helps further my point late addendum i actually do n't think his point was to point out a fallacy , but rather to just be argumentative about the title while , yes , accidents occur and thus you are not truly immortal in the strictest sense , aging is really the only real barrier to living forever one can always avoid accidents , though generally only by avoiding life rather than really living it thus , the question of being able to live forever is based on death by aging rather than accident in essence , arguing for the sake of argument , rather than making a real point
7	this ! ! !
6	but can you think and feel ( feel , see , hear , etc any sense ) at the same time ? imo , the answer is no i use this as a shortcut to quieting the mind for meditation
5	i 've never needed more than <> at a time
5	read the article ? two arrays of objects ( colored squares ) were separated by a short memory delay in the second array , the color of a randomly chosen object ( the target ) was changed monkeys were trained to detect this change and make a saccade to it cognitive load was increased by varying the number of objects in the arrays from two to ve so holding in mind is just remembering the objects color in this case ninja edit i think i'm misunderstanding your question
3	depending on the subject matter and how i feel like placing those objects the number seems totally subjective i mean i can picture seven starfleet vessels moving around in my head as long as i concentrate on coloring them mentally seven celebrities ? i 'd have to try pretty hard to contextualize a situation for that mental feat
5	here i am thinking there was some new development in this because i read about it a few weeks ago i am disappointed (
6	hmmm , sounds like a reversible , closed fuel cell system ? http en wikipedia org wiki flow battery
1	this is the shit you see coming out of a gekko 's leg when raiden slices it
5	sorry , i searched for " mit battery mold " and did n't find anything edit oops , should have seen http web mit edu newsoffice <> flow batteries <> html
2	i suck at both making novelty accounts and using memes ftfy
4	muchos gracias thanks for the help vaya con dios
1	are you implying that blackdebbie has a small penis ? <> she 's a she <> she 's black
1	now guys , no cheating by tilting your fingers !
1	would n't it be easier just to look at your dick ?
1	it 's a strange article , because higher ratios between index and ring fingers are supposed to indicate higher testosterone so higher testosterone equals smaller penis ? edited to say " higher testosterone "
2	that was much easier than losing weight !
4	must be a typo in the article haha , nice catch
2	you 're also more likely to be gay
1	scumbag hubble takes millionth pic , does n't show anyone
4	yes , that
7	over nine thousand science !
1	scumbag nasa article about hubble 's <> , <> , <> observation picture is of artist rendering
4	" hot jupiter ! " is now my favorite exclamatory phrase
6	my first planet outside our solar system i have seen wow
4	make this free via federal funding for anyone with a history of huntington 's disease immediately thank you really though the medical treatment costs for one case of huntingon 's is probably equal to around <> <> times the cost of this prenatal testing not to mention the fact that you know a innocent human life is spared from a long and debilitating disease
4	that is really good news usually people have to find out themselves before they can go for genetic testing , but living with that diagnosis is not always what people want so to be able to have pgd done when in the at risk category is a big step forward
8	yup any diagnosis of illness is bad , but in my view huntington 's is just one of the worst , because it develops so much later , not only do you watch a parent go through it but know there is a strong possibility you will have to go through it too to be able to feel safe that your children wo n't have it or carry it is a great feeling
4	ohhh good website , thankyou yeah with all the moral and ethical implications , and not knowing who will be affected , how early the disease will set it , knowing there is little can be done to ease the disease progression i did some assignments on it when i was in my first yr undergrad
6	euroaids why europeans sometimes get hiv
1	no shit i thought this was common knowledge
4	this creates a perfect model for organized religion and shared ideology without facts
5	we 're slowly realizing the uncomfortable truth most things we think are true might very well not be )
2	we killed them all off , literally also it has now been proven that some people do have direct links to neanderthals , meaning that some groups of people interbred with them at one point the study was peer reviewed and is now accepted as fact do n't have energy to google for the link
1	obviously we killed them anything bad that happens in nature has to be our fault it could n't possibly have been environmental pressures , disease or natural disasters that caused their demise how about this ? thank you human ancestors for not going extinct so that we can have this discussion about how terrible you were for doing what you had to do to survive
6	lol we fight with our own species even now we killed the other ones a looooooong time ago
6	i'm sure i saw evidence of one of the extinct species in my gym the other day
6	francis galton , is that you ?
2	op means alive today there used to be a lot more but it looks like we killed them i guess mean species do n't have a lot of relatives although that does n't hold true for the only other species that makes war , there are thousands of kinds of ants that 's comparing apples to organges though , or rather , assholes to insets
8	and to pre mpt the most obvious reply , i realize this statement carries a lot of ideological baggage which i completely reject i do n't support any racist claims about some groups of people being more human than others , or any need to keep some groups " pure " no matter how you define humanity , we 're extraordinarily diverse , with a fascinating and evolving history
1	why would that be something bad ? we are the war monkey , we won ! fuck yea ! revel in your ability to mechanize death
6	sure that it was n't who was more homo ?
2	indeed , you may be an ape , but you 're not human
2	recently there are bots that copy a comment from elsewhere on the page and add an amazon affiliate link you should report such spam comments
1	actually , we both killed and fucked there 's neandertal genes in us
2	ask magneto
1	because we won the game at this stage by either killing or fucking every variant strain just like we 've always done this article will happen again in whatever media exists in a thousand years , i expect , when all humans have brown eyes , brown or black hair , and skin the color of creamed coffee
6	wait , you mean they 're two separate activities ? ohshi
4	exactly
1	eat , fuck , kill , all the same
1	there were many more before we spread out homo neanderthalensis , homo floriensis ( died out <> ) , homo erectus , the new unnamed species i believe now called devisonians ( http www nature com news <> <> full <> html ) and one more i ca n't remember fuck yeah , we " re good at killing species
6	particularly another species that occupied our same niche
6	i think the indonesians assimilated the " little people " on flores , in the same way we assimilated the neanderthals either that , or it 's pure coincidence that indonesians are the shortest people on the planet http en wikipedia org wiki human height average height around the world
1	how on earth is that a reply to what i said ?
2	wat ?
2	you never had neanderthal soup ? bummer
1	they likely died on their own the most important thing we relative to the others was survive hell , even now we 're nothing compared to nature there 's a misconception that the rate of extinctions are unusually high yeah , its a touch higher , but every glacial period kills a significant percentage of the the species and puts our trivial extinction rate increase to shame
6	" our ancestors , by contrast , created smaller , more sophisticated weapons , like a spear , which can be thrown , with obvious advantages when it comes to hunting and to fighting " interesting , we come from a long line of weapons builders what was once a survival advantage , may turn into a survival disadvantage
6	so like man if we went into space speciation would occur with those who reproduced in isolation and we would get super humans specialized to deal with space ?
1	whatever " human territorialism and violence " occurs is irrelevant i can tell right away that you 're not a scientist
1	maybe it was the indonesian doing the fucking , eh ?
4	we 're pretty good at both of those activities
4	yeah , was probably the fairies then
6	this is so weird there are many kinds of monkeys and apes , but we are the only ape walking on two legs that is left , how did that happen and why ? because , the other human species was definitely more fit to survive than an ape , what in the world have happened that have killed them all ? i like the thought of that there might be some left , inside the deep jungle , we still discover new isolated tribes of homo sapiens , what would hinder a neanderthal from living and thriving in the jungle , provided basic skills ? one day we might make a sensational discovery , that would be cool !
4	i love how the " find out more " pictures shows a bunch of black dudes hunting they 're clearly human actors of today , are we supposed to associate them with primitive pre humans ?
1	we ate the rest
6	what about the " hobbits " ( http en wikipedia org wiki homo floresiensis ) they found a few years ago ?
5	mother nature says there can only be one type of human species
6	are we going to take pictures of " primitive pre humans " ?
6	i think the subject is other species of comparable intelligence while being genetically incompatible with humans nothing like that exists despite what dolphin loving hippies might tell you
1	if the last million years of evolution has n't resulted in creamed coffee , why do you think the next <> will ?
1	yay ! i want to eat you !
8	too much iron in their blood
4	because we won the competition enjoy your place at the top )
1	it took a lot more effort for a european to find and fuck an indonesian <> years ago
2	you did n't take into account human territorialism and violence i'm not just talking about reproduction here see my original comment
1	i do n't know about reveling in the human ability to mechanize death , but just because some species goes extinct , does n't mean we had anything to do with it
5	i agree that the aeroplane analogy is terrible more complicated than an aeroplane ? does anybody not think that plants are more complicated than aeroplanes ?
1	cool article , but the analogy in that quote is broken if there are <> different types of airplanes well the design complications do n't extend beyond the number <> in the article , the quote says " the interactions of <> million aeroplanes of <> different types " this actually makes no sense at all it 's just a terrible analogy
1	more complicated than <> million aeroplanes ! ! !
1	hell using the word " design " is terrible plants are n't sentient as far as we can tell they ca n't make choices they ca n't make decisions
4	we 've got a lot of experts on food security , so we 're doing a q & a this month where you can ask us anything on gm , feeding the world , etc details via the link above email questions to research horizons admin cam ac uk feel free to get involved !
1	the headline of the article is a little misleading , it 's the extra fat rather than the chocolate that kills cells
4	i'm so glad it 's not about the toxicity of chocolate would eating <> entire container of ben & jerry 's cause cell death ?
2	cocoa butter is fat , although it 's unlikely the chocolate most people eat has much of it mostly trans fat fillers , and that stuff is poison
7	i ca n't cite any papers off the top of my head , but i can imagine a scenario where eating a moderate amount of ' junk fat ' would be better for one 's health than an excess of ' healthy ' fat this is kind of what i was trying to get at i understood the premise of the article , but since type of fat was n't specified i was n't sure if it applied to all fats thanks for the clarification
7	ornithopter ! i knew it was a matter of time to the golden path !
1	oh yeah , i 've heard of these manhacks wait shit
7	all hail shai hulud the worm god ! !
6	hollow bird bones are a natural composite whats your problem with synthetic composites doing the same job ?
4	i'm like a bird , i only fap away
8	i must not fear fear is the mind killer
8	how would you know that any ideas and advice does n't help ? now you are grasping at straws trying to find flaws i would very much like to know how the people who suffer from fatigue live quite likely it is small changes , but several , and they will see marked improvements in their lives and yes , you can actually be fat without being huge and bulky , and yes , you can still be fat while having reasonably good fitness and yes , you can still be fat while eating fairly healthy so again getting up off your ass and working out , and adjusting your diet will help in most ( if not all ) cases it 's not rocket science combine it with several of the suggestions i have mentioned and i can all but guarantee you 'll feel much better , and less tired oh , how about offering something constructive , instead of harping at what i have to say ? at least i attempt to offer , if not help , something , anything for the people who feel tired
2	how would you know that any ideas and advice does n't help ? this is bizarre i already said i was referring specifically to people who have tried or continue regular exercise and healthy , personalised diets but for whom it has little benefit it 's not that hard to understand oh , how about offering something constructive , instead of harping at what i have to say ? at least i attempt to offer , if not help , something , anything for the people who feel tired i doubt you 're helping as much as you seem to think you are
4	very good bash , almost eloquent , but it 's a swing and a miss i stated very clearly that a virus is n't the issue , not that fatigue is n't an issue yes , i will state that nearly all cases where someone is tired all the time , is fat and inactive you see , it 's a circle the more tired you are the less active you become and or vice versa the point remains the same though get off your ass and be active ( correctly active i should add ) , identify the right food to consume ( takes some doing but is very possible ) for you i bet a few yoga sessions for anyone who thinks they suffer from " a fatigue virus " making them tired would do wonders for their energy levels so would some fresh countryside air throw out your old bed linens pillows remove the mold found in almost every home these days ( diluted bleach woks best but wear protection ) there are so many things compounded that causes you to be tired and it is n't " a fatigue virus "
2	this article should should have checked the more recent research findings xmrv does n't cause chronic fatigue syndrome how can we know for sure ? it did n't exist before the <> century , probably only about <> years ago edit sorry , <> where it came from xmrv is a retrovirus this is a family that includes hiv and likes to incorporate itself into the host genome many of these ( not hiv ) can get into the germline and be passed through generations in animals ( including humans ) a large proportion of the genome ( say <> ) is actually ' fossilised ' virus from past infections in some animals the viruses can come back to ' life ' ( does n't happen in humans , does in mice ) these are called endogenous retroviruses the " x " stands for xenotrophic this means that while it is a mouse virus ( m murine mouse ) it does n't replicate in mouse cells , only humans we could tell it was very similar to a group of mouse viruses but not where it came from this is very strange a recent paper ( http www sciencemag org content <> <> <> full ) showed that the genome of xmrv perfectly matches two mouse endogenous retroviruses that have been recombined to create a new virus it appeared when human prostate cancer cells were repeatedly " passaged " through laboratory mice for research purposes this is also where it gained its affinity for human cells xmrv is an artefact that was accidentally produced in a lab the studies that claimed to show xmrv in the blood of cfs patients probably picked up traces of xmrv in the lab it does n't exist in the wild more recent studies ( link1 ( http jvi asm org cgi content abstract jvi <> <> ) , link2 ( http www sciencemag org content <> <> <> short ) ) have failed to show xmrv in the blood of humans there have now been calls for the <> paper to be retracted further info http www meassociation org uk ? p <> http www virology ws <> <> <> xmrv is a recombinant virus from mice http www biotechniques com news xmrv just contamination biotechniques <> html ? service print
4	fine , be that way i was n't really feeling up to it anyway
2	if you 're easily exhausted , you should not be giving blood period unless you have a deathwish
1	sounds like the arc we all know and love i mean , banning all men who have had sex with men from giving blood ? yeah , that 's pretty fucked up too
3	they banned me from giving blood for possibly having hep c scared the shit out of me , so imagine my relief when i tested just fine twice by the clinic and my doctor i'm not mad at trc , but i really wanted to hit the gallon mark before having to stop in my opinion , better safe than sorry to all those that donate , thanks for what you do , i really wish i could keep helping ( to those that do n't , consider it if you can , but i'm not judging you if you do n't !
1	full disclosure i am a fat ass but i am building up my stamina and strength through exercise and a more active life i'm tired most of the time and my body aches all the damn time , but it sure as hell is n't " a virus " or " chronic fatigue syndrome " it is attributed to years of being a lazy fat ass with atrophying muscles and shocking my body into movement if you are " chronically fatigued " , how about getting off your lazy fat ass and doing some exercise ? how about putting down that corn syrup laden ready meal and corn syrup full fizzy drink ? how about eating a balanced diet of carbs , protein , fat etc ? how about leading a balanced life sans all the " omg this is good for you it ' s a miracle ! " crap spewed out left and right ? if you have never used your body before in an active manner , guess what , you 'll feel tired , have muscle aches and generally feel like shit that is until you develop some basic muscle mass and build up basic endurance it will take some time depending on what kind of fat ass you are strangely enough people seems to think that the lifestyles they lead today is fine for a body developed over millions of years to suit a totally different lifestyle sometimes i am seriously puzzled over the lack of very basic understanding of your own body and its functions a bit on topic , the red cross has been bit in the ass before like it ever has been the red cross ' fault for trying to help people
6	xmrv causes autism !
4	fascinating thank you for sharing do you do immunology research ?
2	you seem to have failed to take into account the fact that a number of sufferers of cfs both eat healthily and exercise often we can agree on one point people who choose to eat junk food and end up obese are not chronically fatigued excluding those with diagnosed medical conditions , these people are lazy and ignorant of their own health if they try and blame their laziness on the supposed cfs they suffer from however , you seem to be ignorant of something you possess not a single clue about as someone who is active , the right weight , healthy , and pretty much chronically fatigued all the time , it irks me to see people disregard the fact that cfs is a genuine cataloged illness i 'll answer your question with a question given i am chronically fatigued , how can i get off my " lazy " " fat " ass and do some exercise , when i do that already ?
6	quick , everyone blow something out of proportion so we can just tighten our on planet earth as governments ! what ? goats ? fucking goats johnny ? real nice goats fine try it out anyways
1	protect your low hanging washing line items ! !
1	no ! my goat cheese !
6	not the onion ?
5	they do n't make rubik 's cubes like they used to i broke <> in <> weeks and did n't solve either one my kids were n't all to pleased with me , since the cubes belonged to them sigh
5	i do n't understand the use of the word " maximum " here
1	damn it when will they realize they need to start looking at photomagnetic materials damn them , damn them and their ferrofluids !
4	biomass might also mean ethanol , which is a just a fancy way of converting oil and coal into farm subsidies
4	great on a hot day to turn on the giant fans
5	something is not right here http www eia gov cneaf electricity epm epm sum html nuclear <> , <> ( thousand megawatt hours ) hydro <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) all other renewables <> , <> that is only <> of nuclear and almost all of it is hydro looking at the details for other renewables we see wind <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) solar <> ( <> <> nuclear ) wood <> , <> geothermal <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) biomass <> , <> while wood and biomass are renewable i really do not think that is what most people think of when they think of renewable energy hydro wind solar geothermal <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) and another thing to think about if we look back to <> we see that other renewables produced <> , <> while hydro produced <> , <> in <> we see other renewables <> , <> and hydro <> , <> we have lost <> , <> in renewables energy production due to reduced hydro output we should make it up in a year or two if we can keep hydro stable but from this data it looks like we are still a long ways from getting to <> now to dig into their sources and find out why they are so far off from what the eia ( the same source they quote ) has on the eia official web site
1	but wind power must be stopped ! ( http www theonion com video in the know coal lobby warns wind farms may blow e , <> ) really not any more absurd than fox news and climate change denial
1	who actually believes this nonsense ?
2	and the fact that once in a while shit goes bad , and when it goes bad it goes really bad
4	this is why i posted this here , i was hoping someone could give some more insight into this since i was not certain that this report was true thanks for this excellent comment
1	exactly ! they put in so many of those stupid wind turbines where i live , and now it is so windy i wish they had n't put those things in they blow everywhere and it is terrible !
5	you are simply too informed for this post then sorry for slowing you down on your quest to know all
4	funny story i created a facebook event page for an end of the world party on dec <> , <> and i got tons of feedback from people saying i should n't joke about it because it could be true <> o also http www realitysandwich com lots of <> talk going on there and some of them are big names
4	thank you madagent and i will take your appology into consideration
1	who is seriously upholding it to be true ?
6	they thought of that the bearings will be non lubricated high quality ceramics ceramics , being stable oxides , can last easily for <> years ( or <> billion years if there was no wear )
7	when i read this post title i thought back to eno 's autobiography a year with swollen appencides ( http www amazon com year swollen appendices brian diary dp <> ) and wondered if this was the millennium clock he wrote of i remember when i read it back in <> i thought , " this is the silliest idea i 've ever heard , it will never get off the ground " you win this round , brian eno
4	yikes nevertheless that site has an interesting ' intellectual hippie bs' vibe that has me entertained
4	hari seldon would be proud
6	brian eno is part of this i went to a talk by himin liverpool a few years ago and he mentioned the long now foundation and the clock a guy thought he had come a to gig and about <> minutes into the talk he got up , announced " i did n't expect this ! " and marched out much to mr eno 's amusment
6	that 's really cool and it stands by itself as an art piece let alone a working device , but i find it rather hard to believe all those clockwork pieces will still be functioning <> millenia from now
6	" most " unique ?
4	the long now foundation was established in <> as an attempt to counterbalance the short term , speed obsessed nature of modern culture there have been a few stories about it since then , but it is still good to know about
6	saw the prototype clock in the london museum a few years back and fell in love with it and the foundation been following these guys for the last couple of years such a fascinating thing and idea they have a youtube channel with a couple of relevant videos ( http www youtube com watch ? v un gcsnqkwe & feature channel video title ) and there is a ted talk ( http www ted com talks stewart brand on the long now html )
6	is n't the long now foundation headquartered in california ? ( at least that 's where the salt talks happen ) why is the clock in texas ?
2	it will be powered by a thermoelectric generator , which will create electricity from the difference in temperature between the sunny outdoors , and the cool interior of the cave does that me it will stop during the impending nuclear winter of <> ? what a shame
1	i wish there were more people actively calling bullshit on the <> nonsense
4	yeah , i was thinking a clock also since i read about this last week
1	not sure what you 're trying to say here , but i did say " one of the most unique " i believe there are degrees of uniqueness , no ? some things are plain , and some are special some things are <> ' tall clocks in a cave
4	it was a good book
2	everything is bigger in texas duh
1	dirt in the air , from burning all that coal , lands on ice , making it darker to absorb more sunlight
1	i 'll take " experts who do n't know shit either way " for <> , alex wtf ? pollution is bad , not polluting is bad eta i worked on a software contract project for some epa stuff one time i was astounded at how lousy most of their models were that they draw conclusions from such crappy software boggles the mind
2	i'm not comfortable assuming corruption and malice where simple incompetence is a sufficient explanation
1	so in other words " take out all of the points that disprove our dogma " , then you have a case you 're projecting , because the situation is exactly the opposite the deniers who shout no warming in the decade since <> ! insist on excluding all data but the range <> <> their conclusion is comically sensitive to the starting year , and is reversed if you start in a different year etc it falls apart completely when you use a full century of data any analysis that 's so sensitive to using one specific starting ending year is simply bad
4	that 's accurate because it 's part of a warming trend and that trend remains strong even if you ignore <> entirely the specific claim of " no ( statistically significant ) warming since <> " is rhetorical trickery about a statistical anomaly which obscures the actual facts the situations are not comparable
3	are you a gigantic , evil lobbying group that pays millions to reuters to get them to say what we want ? no ? then you 're wrong , you dirty little peasant now thank me for clearing that up for you and keep fearing nuclear power
1	this is a terrible headline and a terribly organized story the reuters article claims a " halt " in global warming <> times and " cooling " <> times despite the fact that those phenomena are nothing more than statistical noise it eventually does mention that the entire phenomenon is statistical noise ( halfway through ) , but the purpose of this type of story is simply to catapult " halt in warming " and " cooling " as many times as possible
1	stop global warming ! burn more coal !
1	what the fuck , global temperature patterns ? !
1	there you have it , the solution to global warming burn more coal
1	this article bends over backwards to be the quotiest of the quoted for anyone with an agenda it literally reverses it 's own reported stance at least <> times they helpfully linked absolutely no source references or papers leaving it up to the reader to do research from square one on whatever they are trying to say total fucking garbage this is the kind of article that gets a legitimate downvote
2	i never actually read those they 're even less damning than you make them out to be the data did n't fit their specific model and one guy was dramatic about it and all the others disagreed worldnews !
1	only due to projecting temperatures northward for <> km when a more reasonable <> km projection is used the warmth drops when actual ship and plane measurements are used the warmth drops again large portions of africa where no stations exist were determined to have massive temperature increases c ' mon , quit the bullshit and post some graphs that do not hide the details in coarse linewidths and small resolution again ( http www woodfortrees org plot hadcrut3vgl from <> to <> every <> )
1	then i do n't think you 've been paying attention
1	i dunno , can you support the statement '33 more carbon will have no effect ' carbondioxyde reflects well in the ' thermal ' spectrum , ie inferred each molicule you put up increases thermal reflection by a precise amount total average sunlight reaching the ground ha gone down quite a lot in the last <> decades , but the ability of the atmosphere to retain the heat has gone way up as each carbondioxide molicule added cannot help but be itself and reflect the heat back thats the situation take the ' polutants ' out of our polution and this plannet will get a good deal warmer how fucked up is that ? we cant even just stop poluting with out wrecking the plannet , thats how far down this road we 've already gone
4	obviously ( jackieeeee ! )
4	link to article ( http wattsupwiththat files wordpress com <> <> pnas <> pdf ) of note is the conclusion ( emphasis mine ) the finding that the recent hiatus in warming is driven largely by natural factors does not contradict the hypothesis most of the observed increase in global average temperature since the mid <> century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations ( <> ) as indicated in fig <> , anthropogenic activities that warm and cool the planet largely cancel after <> , which allows natural variables to play a more significant role the <> <> hiatus is not the first period in the instrumental temperature record when the effects of anthropogenic changes in greenhouse gases and sulfur emissions on radiative forcing largely cancel in sample simulations indicate that temperature does not rise between the <> s and <> s because the cooling effects of sulfur emissions rise slightly faster than the warming effect of greenhouse gases the post <> period of warming , which constitutes a significant portion of the increase in global surface temperature since the mid <> century , is driven by efforts to reduce air pollution in general and acid deposition in particular , which cause sulfur emissions to decline while the concentration of greenhouse gases continues to rise ( <> ) the results of this analysis indicate that observed temperature after <> is consistent with the current understanding of the relationship among global surface temperature , internal variability , and radiative forcing , which includes anthropogenic factors that have well known warming and cooling effects both of these effects , along with changes in natural variables must be examined explicitly by efforts to understand climate change and devise policy that complies with the objective of article <> of the <> united nations framework convention on climate change to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference in the climate system
1	i was going to give you the benefit of the doubt here , because i am skeptical by nature you and i share nothing in common you are either a paranoid fool or a cynical troll that article suggests one positive effect of global climate change by the way , i am sure there will be other pleasant changes alaska will likely have a longer growing season guess what ? that 's not skepticism about the reality of climate change can you even fucking read ?
2	in other words , that 's not debatable , it 's just wrong
1	dude , to find the truth you have to look at the outliers when someone is murdered , do you go talk to joe everybody , or do you talk to snidely whiplash ? qed
1	what do you mean " not warmed for more than a decade " ? it 's been a pretty consistent rise for the last decade from a somewhat famous email exchange ( truncated for readability ) you may be aware of this already paul hudson , bbcs reporter on climate change , on friday wrote that theres been no warming since <> , and that pacific oscillations will force cooling for the next <> <> years it is not outrageously biased in presentation as are other skeptics views email to the late dr stephen schneider , october <> , <> as we enter an el nino year and as soon , as the sunspots get over their temporary presumed vacation worth a few tenths of a watt per meter squared reduced forcing , there will likely be another dramatic upward spike like <> <> i heard someone mike schlesinger maybe ? ? was willing to bet alot of money on it happening in next <> years ? ? meanwhile the past <> years of global mean temperature trend stasis still saw what , <> of the warmest in reconstructed <> year record and greenland and the sea ice of the north in big retreat ? ? some of you observational folks probably do need to straighten this out as my student suggests below stephen schneider , october <> , <> the fact is that we ca n't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we ca n't kevin trenberth , october <> , <> at the risk of overload , here are some notes of mine on the recent lack of warming i look at this in two ways the first is to look at the difference between the observed and expected anthropogenic trend relative to the pdf for unforced variability the second is to remove enso , volcanoes and tsi variations from the observed data both methods show that what we are seeing is not unusual the second method leaves a significant warming over the past decade these sums complement kevin 's energy work kevin says " the fact is that we ca n't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we ca n't " i do not agree with this tom wigley , october <> , <> how come you do not agree with a statement that says we are no where close to knowing where energy is going or whether clouds are changing to make the planet brighter we are not close to balancing the energy budget the fact that we can not account for what is happening in the climate system makes any consideration of geoengineering quite hopeless as we will never be able to tell if it is successful or not ! it is a travesty ! kevin trenberth , october <> , <>
5	the global effect of pollution on our atmosphere is constantly studied by tons of scientists i do n't know much about climatology , but just basic reasoning and a quick google would indicate that pretty stupid to think there should be a <> <> correspondence between co2 and temperature first of all , i very much doubt the greenhouse effect is linear secondly , water vapor is by far the largest contributor to the greenhouse effect co2 is significant but only contributes <> <> hopefully that 's enough to help you see that you do n't know enough to form hypotheses in this area
1	well no shit
2	no duh
1	there should be an r blatantly fucking obvious
2	this article was so fucking awful i did n't read it
1	this guy ( razib khan ) writes about interesting stuff , but his writing annoys the heck out of me it reminds me of a sophomore asked to research a subject , who then googles the shit out of it and reads through <> papers and then tries to describe all of them to prove that he 's really read all <> the problem with this approach is that reading <> papers does n't make you an expert , you 're just a slightly more informed amateur , and you often have no way of telling which of those <> is more meaningful or relevant to the thesis you are making as a result , you make no thesis , and in a poor imitation of an " expert " you try to weight everything equally in the belief that knowledge is all about balance and detail you go out of your way to mention little snippets of information , because you 're afraid someone will call you out on something and you want to show in advance that you 're not ignorant , you 've read about that point too look , i knew about that all along ! i even mentioned it in paragraph <> , line <> ! this is why reading something written by an expert is so much more enjoyable and meaningful than reading stuff written by someone who just swallowed a google and wants to regurgitate it before his publishing deadline unfortunately , experts are scarce and hard to find and do n't always blog they tend to save their effort for peer reviewed stuff and books ah well
1	are there people who enjoy his writing style ? i thought you were being harsh or condescending so i made a real effort to slog though the link i knew someone who was like this once
2	so to sum up no one knows whats going on with cultural anthropology
6	a charcot and wound post on the front page of science ? ? ? who 's letting the podiatrists in ?
1	also , the epa needs to enforce stricter standards a damn charcoal filter makes it pretty obvious seems like public water is mostly delivered for boiling foods , showering , washing cars , etc and not so much drinking from the tap
8	lack of clean drinking water is one of the world 's greatest problems people are dying in large numbers due to lack of this also they lack food too
4	i agree completely , in fact , it might probably be easier to replace the eye completely to allow for better input data altogether
4	true , but you 'd still need to block some information during a testing scenario , otherwise you could simply send your test to a chinese guy you paid and copy down his answers even in the highly networked future , use of electronics will be severely limited in testing scenarios
5	animal testing ? downvote sorry
1	also , nanometer thick wires and self assembling circuits holy shit
7	there is really only one way to convey my feelings on this zomg the future is awesome and it is happening right now !
4	this comment here got me " advances in technology intimidate and repulse me it s not the fact that this is possible that scares me , it s the fact that we feel the need to dull our sensations with the numbing effects of led contacts that we don t even have the level of focus to stare at a screen , we need the screen attached to our retinas i m highly disappointed and a little disgusted by this " i am sure she was among the ones to find internet disgusting in <> 's i am glad she is not using any of the tech advances for her benefit
5	ew , i apologize i did n't anticipate him to dishonestly edit others ' comments but have an upvote , if it makes you feel any better ) and i 'll have to have a discussion about ethics with this guy
4	i have no doubt that once the technology matures they will become as cheap and normal as cellphones
4	yes please
1	no more hospital and drugs for you my friend
2	terrible article ! once green is achieved the contacts will be able to create pictures in perfect quality what nonsense , so far they 've been able to get something like <> leds on a lense obviously this will scale quite well so in a few years we might see <> arrays and then <> and so on but to pretend that the only thing stopping this from displaying high quality images is green leds is complete bs edit it seems we are n't quite as far away as i imagined " kopin corp announced a <> <> ( <> <> cm ) svga lcd with an astonishing pixel density of <> ppi ( each pixel only <> m ) " ( source wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki pixel density ) ) almost enough to display high resolution images on a retinal display they have n't yet managed to put it on a contact lens though edit2 i posted my criticism on his website and he turns it into praise , this man has no integrity whatsoever
7	sooooo very relevant ! ( http www amazon com rainbows end novel foot future dp <> )
1	jesus the writing is so bad
4	now i can cheat on all my tests , ahahaha !
1	unfuckingbelievable i posted a criticism on this guys website and he turns it into praise despicable !
4	hahaha
5	i have never met someone with a glass eye , but i always assumed they were fairly easy to spot because they lacked expression i admit i might be completely wrong on this one
6	let me know when i can look through ladies ' clothes
4	will they make that nifty bionic sound effect every time i zoom focus on a target ? that would be so cool
4	good article
4	agreed you 'll need something akin to a current display or an apple retina display and then there 's how some folks ( like myself ) ca n't where any contacts without rapid and dangerous allergic reactions
1	yes , it was kinda terrible i love how he led off by slipping this in with technology advancing faster and faster , building up to the singularity concept ( click here to read more the singularity ) ,
1	terrible article ! in every way , yes i could n't figure out if he was talking about lenses with built in displays or lenses that measure glucose levels and transmit the data to another device of course , by the time he mentioned " the singularity " i should 've just stopped reading so joke 's on me i guess
1	you mad because science confirms my penis is probably bigger than yours ? assuming you 're from the united states trollface
6	everybody panic ?
7	w00t ! birthday asteroid
6	whoa , wait , what ? an <> megaton airburst ? is n't that a tunguska event rock ? http en wikipedia org wiki tunguska event
4	i like your enthusiasm )
1	preservatives beat shitting yourself to death
1	lips and assholes !
4	in my fourth of july wiener ? freedom alright , freedom with a little bit of turkey smashed through a cheese grater delicious !
1	i was hoping to read about what sort of exploit they used , but the article gave me nothing ! just that it was ' unconventional '
1	same here i bet they used a stick
8	it works on your tv remote any any wifi device thats why they didnt say )
2	welp this article was a waste of time
2	i do n't know why you keep wanting to talk about things i'm not talking about , but have fun with it real time pricing is not a storage technology
8	real time pricing is a technology solution people want comfortable buildings , cold food , and lighting
2	dude , have you seriously never seen a movie in your life ?
6	but , but , back to the future had them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	solar this , solar that wake me up when someone solves the energy storage problem
1	the sooner the price drops , the sooner these babies are going on my room come to butt head
5	but we 'll run out of baby pandas to make the ink out of faster
4	nice try , hp
1	sure the solar panels are cheap , but the ink cartridges to keep them running cost a fortune !
4	while i agree that for solar power to replace existing coal oil hydro etc a storage method such as the molten sodium or hydro pumping methods has to exist , having a blended solution at my home where i can run my electric heat ac , hot water heater , etc during daylight hours off solar would save me real money if the cost of the panels ( or other collection method ) and their associated upkeep becomes affordable without all the subsidies , i 'd be very interested
4	i think anything which helps keep electricity bills lower will be a significant development for most people
1	concentrators do n't use indirect sunlight , so they are strongly limited by location and conditions just makes the storage problem worse they also require far more continuous cost for maintenance ideally you want something like inject printing to cover large areas , but i just do n't see those having good efficiency for a while bottom line no good solutions now
4	you 're right , some clever new thinking is needed to solve the mismatch between supply and demand which is inevitable as we shift to renewables like solar and wind however much of the problem can be addressed by using smart grids , such that demand to a greater extent follows the supply ( for instance , your washing machine runs whenever electricity is cheap ) and then there 's pumped hydro ( scandinavia could act as europe 's " battery " ) , compressed air , flywheels i remain optimistic !
4	the problem with solar power is n't the solar power part , it 's the energy storage this is true , but there are still some very good applications for solar power where this is not a problem air conditioning for instance , which you really need when the sun is out i also believe this should work well for trains , which already run on electricity , mainly run during the day and already use plenty of land that could be used for solar panels industries should also be able to use this a lot when they work during the day concentrating solar is orders of magnitude more efficient and cheaper than standard pv cells , and i do n't think using inkjet printers will overcome that concentrated solar power makes sense for some ways of collecting solar power , but for example is n't very good to install on a roof both ways have their merits costs going down is good news
6	awt is a clone of aether theory , which considers vacuum as a dense particle environment whereas the previous theories considered aether as a sparse thin gas
1	it 's not so much " unpopular scientific theory " as " a bunch of sciency words and acronyms strung together into long , meaningless rants "
6	why did anyone ask that question in the first place ?
5	read the first two paragraphs and thought they made sense then i saw how long the post was and after seeing more and more words that made my eyes glaze over , i just upvoted for his effort others might have done similarly
5	i really just wanted some cake
1	those are a lot of words , but none of them answered my question why would we care what the universe would look like if it were shrunk down to the size of a small black hole ? that would be like asking " what would i look like if i were a teddy bear ? " it 's pointless and does nothing to further our understanding of anything
4	i admire your patience , chipney thanks for keeping r science scientific
1	it 's actually not quite your problem , but the predictable problem of informational singularity the layman people are n't specialized , the amount of information which they can handle is limited so that with increasing amount of informations their view and opinions are becoming superficial undeniably therefore they layman 's opinion can work well , until the qualitative , i e deep conceptual change of our understanding of reality is required in this moment the laymans behave in the same way , like the overspecialized theorists , who have superficial informations about the whole picture and they 're fighting together against new fundamental ideas as jonathan swift once said " when a true genius appears in this world , you may know him by this sign , that the dunces are all in confederacy against him " i'm not a genius in any way , but the dense aether concept is really both simple , both fundamental change of existing approach to reality understanding so that most of people are really fighting with it , because they 've a good reasons for it i do n't know , how to avoid this annoying negativism in other way , than with patient explanation of aether concept again and again
5	and not to mention that we 're already getting pretty far from the realm where the general public who does n't have a phd in physics can say , " well , if it 's true , prove it " the main thing that i'm worried about is when special interests fund studies
1	are you saying that awt predicted gravitational effects exactly compensate lgq and st predicted effects ? that 's one hell of a coincidence also , are you saying that awt 's own prediction is that nothing interesting happens ? do n't you think that a lot of theories could produce exactly same predictions ?
6	yea but what if there are no constants and the universe is slowly changing ?
4	see , exactly every time i read a new article about the universe , and quantum physics , and the way everything works scientists have discovered something that makes the previous study irrelevant and outdated well are n't we just going to read another article in a week saying they 've " discovered " something that disproves this study , and that something else has taken its place as " what we know about the universe " ? the universe is intriguing and i'm not saying it 's not important to try to discover everything we can about the way it works , but how do we know we 're not living in a geocentric age , blinded by the " facts " about the universe that we think we know ? just to be proved absolutely wrong in years to come just a thought
4	i upvote them any chance i get i love watching people mindlessly agree with him just because he has a long comment and positive karma
1	i googled awt and i got the wikipedia entry for abstract window toolkit i do n't know whether i should be offended
4	read the first paragraph and upvoted because it sounds like you know what you 're talking about
1	this deserves more upvotes than all the stupid pun comments that get <> times this much
1	unless i read it wrong the breakthrough is that they found nothing whatsoever , which rules out several quantum gravity theories
2	if shit gets pixelated when it is real small does n't that mean this shit is a hologram ? what is another explanation ?
6	excuse my dumb , but can someone kindly put this in layman 's terms ?
1	fyi , the research article upon which this news article is based makes no mention of the discretization of space in other words , the sensationalist claims made in the news article have not passed the peer review process ( an important step towards taking anything seriously in scienceland ) this also means that there is nowhere anyone can go to see if the argument presented here holds water tl dr do n't take this article seriously !
5	so , maybe i'm nuts , but does anyone else think that grbs would be an excellent way to communicate with distant civilizations ? if it were possible to make them ? just saying sorry for the off topic comment
1	well , fuck
6	quantum graininess ? were n't atoms " grainy " when we first figured out how to look at them ?
2	i read that as quantum grannyness i'm way less interested now
6	never thought i 'd see one of these awt crackpot posts actually have postitive upvotes in r science
6	ok , and which arguments for the above interpretations do you have , for example ? isaac asimov " any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic "
5	i find this hard to believe would n't atleast some of the genius physicists around the world grant some credence to awt if it was decent at predicting a very wide range of phenomena ? ofcourse laymen do n't have any idea what 's going on , but what about the other physicists ? just asking
2	this is either extremely well crafted satire , specialized trolling , or evidence of some sort of mental illness i'm not sure which it is , but i'm not willing to exclude the possibility that it 's all of the above
4	thank you but i 'd would appreciate your help , after then do n't be lazy to upvote the useful posts in the same way , like their haters are n't lazy to downvote them
2	so an unpopular scientific theory gets shunned by the scientific community ? this has happened before only to prove everyone wrong except it usually turns out that the people being shunned are wrong and fade into obscurity you do n't hear about it because " obscure theory rejected by scientific community proven wrong " makes for a shitty story
6	for those of us not in the know , please elaborate
4	yea but its the european space agency
6	dramatically affect the search for physics beyond einstein wut
6	beyond planck no ?
2	the problem is that awt proponents are like religious nuts every thing must be a reflection of it " is stravinsky the best composer of the <> century ? jesus prefers mahler " " girlfriend left you ? jesus feels your pain , bro ! " " planning on building a new gaming pc ? jesus recommends a lian li case " duck quack , duck walk , you get the picture
7	that 's a big deal negative results are why science is science
5	grbs are not very directional it 'd be ludicrously expensive in terms of energy use you 'd be using up a significant fraction of a galaxy 's entire lifespan in terms of usable energy for a single message
8	i can understand your feelings , but there are popular ideas like the universe inside of black hole , hidden parallel universes and multiverses of string theorists and animations like this one http www youtube com watch ? v <> the question simply is , how the universe would appear , if it would shrink to the size of tiny black hole i presume , this hypothesis is testable just with gamma ray bursts , which are propagating through whole universe it 's the combination of highest observable energy density and longest distance path , which we can imagine and it gives us a clue , how the universe would appear from perspective of creatures , which are as large , as the whole universe
8	if we go any deeper , we may risk ending up in limbo
6	if these results are <> times more accurate than any previous ones , and who that graininess must be on the level of <> <> or smaller , it means there were previous measurements that failed to find this quantum graininess at the level of <> <> or so ?
1	ehm , i wouldnt consider myself at all savy when it comes to physics , but are you suggesting that vacuum ( space and time ) as a form of matter ? or did i read wrong ? if so explain please , i find your suggestion interesting !
6	it could be multidimensional forces
6	so an unpopular scientific theory gets shunned by the scientific community ? this has happened before only to prove everyone wrong gets popcorn
2	bitches be crazy , statistically wow , it works !
2	i was going to say that men do far more stupid things that involve lightning that women but what you said works rather well too
1	and fucking people 's fathers in the rain
1	the trailer park where my mom lives pretty much flooded last spring it was <> feet deep rushing water all on the front area of the park ( only way in out too ) and god fucking damnit , i was out of cigs and booze busted out some garbage bags , rigged up ghetto waders , and plowed through it and <> <> mile down the road to the liquor store fuck nature when i'm out of cigs and booze
6	maybe because men are taller than women , statistically !
6	new study lightning less likely to strike a redditor regardless of gender caveat unless playing world of warcraft or magic the gathering
2	zeus was always a ladies man
7	golf !
6	would n't that require knowing there is a finite edge to the universe ?
6	creationists say the universe was created with light from distant galaxies already in transit so , um , yeah
8	nice catch blanco ni o too bad your ass just got maaaaathed
4	i always thought it would be cool to write a sci fi story where it turns out the earth really is the center of the universe , and a whole bunch of theories ( like the reason for the hubble red shift ) are just wrong because they 're based on us assuming the universe does n't have a center
8	unfortunately impossible due to the inviolability of the speed of light plus they 'd probably just say " time stamp looks shopped "
1	no one said there are big crunches , or even a cyclical structure no one can say anything about what preceded the big bang
4	yes that is the currently accepted theory
1	well , all the cosmologists i have talked to disagree with you
1	finite just seems so odd i just ca n't conceive of the big bang happening arbitrarily but then again , time only started ' ticking ' after the space expanded to fill it mind fuck in progress
4	br is extremely awesome
4	maybe <> years ago it was fairly ambiguous , but right now we 're pretty positive it 's a flat , open universe
5	i just had some really awkward explaining to do to my coworkers dead silent " hah ! " judgement
7	spaaace ! space space !
4	great , now the entire library is looking over here awkwardly at me trying to stifle my chortling
1	<> <> percent of that is your mom 's fat ass i think you misspoke i mean , that would still mean that his mother is quite large , but you missed the full effect
4	i think it would be hilarious and awesome if the ultimate fate of the universe was first suggested on reddit i know , i know , someone has probably thought of the black hole ending idea before but still
4	this is a great and fun comment should have more upvotes
1	are you calling me dense ?
2	i hate when people who have a vague grasp on a subject ( and the author is clearly maybe at a high level general astropyhsics <> level ) decide to write articles this leads to great misinformation and because the general population retardedly believes anything from a somewhat technical sounding source , they are now think they know about it , when actually their information is incorrect
2	the second one was correct , if you are a stickler
1	did you just say that <> of something was my lack of something ? so i have <> of not self esteem
5	the big bang is kind of observable in multiple ways depending on your definition of observable , photons ( as a particle ) are unobservable and therefor not relevant to us
4	true it 's a timecube ( http www timecube com )
1	i 'd kill to get high with this guy and pick his brain
3	<> fuck , i'm panicking
6	is this matter considered baryonic matter ? i thought that was found to be around <> <> can anyone clarify ? is this an updated number ? http en wikipedia org wiki baryon baryonic matter http map gsfc nasa gov universe uni matter html
5	the universe is a boring place jeez !
6	does that anti matter matter ?
1	prove it
6	i was hoping it would all fit into an area the size of my thumb
6	here 's a little light reading if the void of space interests you http www amazon com book nothing vacuums origins universe dp <>
1	you mean about <> <> percent of locker b14 in god 's train station contains any matter
1	i matter !
1	you hear that people ? you are very unique
1	does n't that equation address the growing issue , or did i complete misunderstand ? ( i'm genuinely confused , i'm really interested in this stuff , but it blows my mind )
1	before you starting acting snarky towards people , you really should make sure you understand the situation correctly tiayidfama is correct , the current popular theory is an open and infinite universe , based on observations such as wmap ( http en wikipedia org wiki wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe )
2	do n't listen to the haters meaning in existence is whatever you want it to be
4	it 's a joke
5	this is so heavy
4	how sweet it is , significance out of insignificance
2	that 's not true each wave function drops off for each particle , but is finite up to infinity , so really all of the universe is occupied by every particle simultaneously
4	awesome statistic can you tell me what percentage contains cheesecake ?
6	how empty is an atom again ?
1	is that why the meaning of life is <> then !
4	best comment all day
4	that theory works great until you consider there might be an absurdly dense block of mass that is lying just outside the observable universe , which just happens to be <> jillion times larger than the observable universe
1	no miscommunication ! ! edit would " you ca n't explain that " been a better choice ?
5	i like to pretend i'm in a giant dyson
4	something here <> that 's ok i knew it , but thank you , science !
1	correct me if i'm wrong , but i thought we did n't even know what dark matter is , and i thought that dark matter took up a lot of the universe knowing space is infinite , is that to say that only <> <> is really matter ? when scientist do n't even understand what is matter ? are n't we getting a little ahead of our selves boys ?
5	i wish someone would count those zeros so i did n't have to
1	why does howstuffworks still have their article on <> pages ? ? ? ? ?
6	very strange i could n't fall asleep last night because i was thinking of this , and today its on the front page
2	nah , i thought it was <> <>
2	seems to me that they should have <> tried to come up with an estimate of the avg density of matter in the universe , and <> they should have calculated the fullness of a part of the universe it seems to me that the assumptions about total size and mass of the universe are more likely to be wrong
1	bitch , i'm dark matter
4	well , the answer is <> i say , the author is a genius
6	and the rest does n't ?
6	is n't it also true that atoms are mostly empty space and have no real excuse for having mass at all ? do we actually exist at all ?
6	is that proportional to an atom ?
5	that 's a shame , because i fucking love matter
1	this is if you do n't condense the matter at all you know how an atom is a tiny tiny nucleus and then a vast of empty space with tiny tiny electrons orbiting ? that number in your title assumes they are completely solid so like earth in your titles measurement takes up the exact same amount of space as earth does right now and you are not accounting for the fact that <> <> of earth is made of nothing it 's also very hard to account for the warping of space which occurs with mass a black hole contains a vast amount of matter , but since it 's so close together it collapses and takes up no space if you did what you actually asked and put the matter in one place it would all form a black hole so it would take up zero of the universe so should we let black hole singularities count as zero mass because they do n't have dimensions ? or should we figure out their mass and then calculate as if they were not in gravitational collapse ? just wondering the actual answer to your questions is " we have no fucking idea and talking like we do just makes us sound really stupid "
2	what do you think , you 're special ?
1	so why do i keep stubbing my toe ?
7	but of course , that means that the other <> <> is nearly instantly lethal to humans but of course , it 's even worse than that , as much of the space that does contain matter is far too hot , cold , lacking oxygen , gravitationally warped or lethal my other means for human life as well this is why i roll my eyes when some people say the universe was made for us
2	can we write that as <> <> <> for clarity ? thanks counting zeros is tedious )
8	if the universe is flat , the expansion will not accelerate if expansion accelerated , the event horizon would move closer with time however , even without acceleration , you end up with much the same result sooner or later everything around you will move out past the static event horizon , except the things that are bound gravitationally to you it is a pretty grim prospect
4	the questions you are asking is exactly why it 's called a singularity i think interesting stuff
4	yeah i only have passing knowledge of cosmology from what i understand , observable is " in theory observable " but this also counts for things that we infer from other phenomena such as gravitational lensing or microwave background radiation so let me propose a thought experiment imagine you have a dinner table and on your dinner table is a placemat imagine the center of the placemat is earth , and the area of the placemat is the observable universe now imagine a bunch of magnetic marbles all over the table , representing stars and galaxies , some rolling around , attracting , shoving others away the ones in the placemat are the observable ones in our universe , and the ones outside are out of our view because light has n't had enough time to travel to the middle of the placemat yet however , we do see marbles get pushed around and influenced inside the placemat , by forces outside the placemat does this mean the ones outside are " observable " then ?
8	ok so for everything to get further apart , i would think the molecules particles masses at the edge would have to move out into new unoccupied space but , for that to happen , there would need to be a void or something where nothing exists for the universe to expand out into but if it 's expanding into something , then the universe has to finite and if it 's infinite , then it still does n't make sense for it to be able to expand hope this makes sense writing it while i am really tired i can give it another show tomorrow if you are confused with what i said
4	ultimately yes , you are right we assume it is flat based on numerous observations ( wmap ) of the known universe , then almost all calculations point to the infinite universe there is little reason against either infinite or finite models probably i should have added " to out best understanding "
1	<> <> <> <> maybe it 's just me but that makes more sense than a shitload of zeroes
3	alas , matter is also mostly empty space
4	good point the question is then , and i do n't know the answer , is gravity superluminal ?
8	i am trying to figure out how to type what i am thinking properly at some point , the accelerated expansion will overtake the speed of light , in which case , beginning with the galaxies on the furthest edges of the universe there will gradually be less and less matter in the observable region , until it 's just our galaxy , in endless night , correct ? though i suppose , at that point , it would be the remnants of the coalesced local group edit sorry for the terrible run on sentence
1	that assumes that the confines of space are finite , which no one really knows
4	yeah that 's what i was thinking
1	nothing really matters anyone can see
1	and only <> <> of that matters !
6	so my wife should be honored to have <> <> percent in my garage , right ?
1	hmm tenths , hundredths , thousandths , ten thousandths , hundred thousandths , millionths my normal approach is useless here (
1	<> <> percent of that is your mom 's fat ass
1	why are you saying that its a ' fact ' that its open ? i thought that this was still pretty debated and up in the air
6	you 're definite and certain there 's to be no " big rip ? "
6	i too consider this to be a worthwhile comment , and am confounded by its manifest lack of upvotes
7	nevertheless , presuming protons decay , last things in the universe left before its all just radiation , dark matter , neutrinos and say stay electrons , will in fact be the larger black holes and these will have a lot more collisions to grow through before this period so i 'd expect most of the universe will end up in various black holes at some point after that , its going to be even more depressing , if that 's imaginable
4	you 're welcome
4	space only exists due to the warping of the vacuum around the matter within there 's no real way to know anything but it 's a good theory
1	i was going to say " nothing 's really matter anyone can see nothing 's really matter nothing 's really matter , to me " ( http www youtube com watch ? v tgbnymz7vqy & feature player detailpage t <> )
6	" up to order of magnitude , how much of it all matters ? "
6	what if that matter did form a black hole ? how big would the schwarzchild radius be ? his mass of universe is <> <> <> <> kg radius <> g m c <> <> <> <> <> light years it would be bigger than the universe itself strange could it be the fate of the universe to end up as one giant black hole ?
1	i do n't see " <> " anywhere there it should at least be there as an exponent ! you must have flipped units somewhere
2	sucking on what ? a black hole is a very deep thingie hole in time space if all space time is a black hole , then what is it bending ?
6	is rest of it ocean ?
1	holy shit can someone tell me what that is in scientific notation ? i am not counting all those zeros
1	well shit , that 's a much higher percentage than i would expect
1	holy shit ! you found the answer
2	that 's retarded most of the universe is permeated by radiation , gravitational influences , etc , from that matter it 's not empty
6	does this count all of the space inside of an atom , or is this talking about the space between atoms ?
6	since matter has no size , how do you justify this statement ?
1	i'm matter and i use reddit ! woot !
6	you guys ever wonder what the universe is expanding into ? i mean for it to expand , it must mean there is something outside of the universe , right ? but then if there exists something , is n't it part of the universe ? the whole idea of the universe expanding is just confusing to me
1	they just fake the math because they have no understanding of physics at the early stages of the universe basically they are making it up because the universe would look different if did n't expand rapidly at a certain point according to our current laws of physics we are using it probably did n't happen at all
6	so it 's infinite ?
4	yes
2	because you are a drunken spaz who is consumed by self loathing
4	well , considering we make up part of the incredibly small number , i 'd say " yes "
6	have we actually found any matter ? are the smallest particles even made up of matter , or just something smaller with even more space in between ?
6	how does this compare to the percentage of empty space in an atom
6	by volume ?
1	this article is wrong on a number of levels it 's conclusion is meaningless if you 're curious why , ask us in r askscience
6	so the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy was off by only a few decimal points ?
4	thanks reddit for being so depressing with your facts !
4	matter is awesome i love matter
1	and i still manage to stub my toe on the coffee table every fuck time
4	you might find this ( http en wikipedia org wiki scientific notation ) useful
6	so what about past the observable universe ? for example gravity from objects just outside the observable space affecting things in the observable universe ?
1	did you read one theory and assume that was the truth ? or have you just not read anything in the last <> years about the state of astrophysics and other cosmological theories ?
4	correct , i overstepped by omitting that caveat as far as i am aware , any of these answers are still potentially consistent with data there is an ( in ) finite amount of matter and the universe is infinite and flat very slightly curved do you agree ?
5	it is a popular idea , but it is only conjecture , and will likely always remain nothing but conjecture
1	if earth can be observed from the edge of its own observable universe ( or anything more than <> lightyears away ) would n't that disprove young earth creationism ? i 've always wondered that about creation science seems a simple image from space shoots the whole thing to hell
6	would detectable be a suitable substitute for observable ?
6	is this similar to the corollary of " if a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it , does it make a sound ? " eg if light ( information ) ca n't reach us from one part of the universe , does it not exist ?
4	nice try , zaphod
6	so i am really living in my own private idaho ?
1	get the fuck out of here !
5	i'm genuinely confused that 's understandable
5	actually , i was a little bit confused there there are two borders the edge of the observable universe , which is the distance from which light can possibly have reached us during the age of the universe this border gets bigger with time , as obviously the more time there has been since the birth of the universe , the more light will have time to reach us the second border is the cosmic event horizon this is the point where if light is emitted , it will never reach us , because the expansion of space will prevent it from ever getting to us as it travels , space expand as fast or faster than it can get closer to us , and thus it never reaches us this border is somewhat further out than the edge of the observable universe so light that is emitted between these two borders will reach us eventually , but can not have reached us already light emitted outside both will never reach us , ever
4	i guess people hold the idea of ftl very dear to their hearts
5	sorry , i meant " in mathematics , continuous and constant have different meanings that are not the same as monotonic " in mathematics these words are not synonymous we are dealing with astrophysics , after all there are reasons why mathematical language is used to describe science little ambiguity and few if any real synonyms
4	thank you
1	and most of that mass is your mother ! zing
1	so what
2	nobody cares
2	yes , but that 's a stupid measure since the sun is mostly filled with the empty space between electrons and nuclei i 'd use neutron or quark star density
2	surprisingly uninteresting considering only about <> of an atom is ' matter ' anyway so where there is <> matter there is at most <> matter , and in between the <> matter clusters of planets and very thin gas clouds is a huge expanse of vacuum which is pretty much <> matter so thinking about it , it 's no huge surprise !
6	if you mean volume wise , <> of the universe contains matter since matter are just points with fields of force around them if you mean mass wise , well <> of the matter of the universe makes up the universe what exactly is the guidelines for determining this percentage ?
6	so you 're saying there 's a chance ? ! ?
1	what he meant was <> <> however what he wrote is much smaller , yes that much smaller ammount is still much larger than the earth so mama is still fat did i just joke explain a joke explanation ?
1	<> <> of that matter is my dick
6	is there something wrong with using exponents ? <> <> <>
1	vaginas
1	scumbag god
1	that 's bullshit the entire universe is matter just in many forms just because we ca n't imagine or define it does n't mean it is not there i scoff at this report scoff i say ! ! !
1	no , what we know right now is the absolute and only truth in the universe
1	fuck everything about the degenerate era http en wikipedia org wiki the five ages of the universe
7	ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod ! i'm in spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace yeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaawwwwwwww
4	so long , and thanks for all the fish
6	ring or sphere ?
2	no , unobservable , period information from outside the observable universe can not reach us , no matter how long we wait
2	no , unobservable , period it is outside the range where information could have propagated to us it is not a question of inability , it s a question of that information not existing to observe in any form
7	thank you ! ! ! !
8	your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes !
5	sadly , no according to life , universe and everything if somebody solves the universe ( by knowing the answer and the question same time ) the universe collides and forms something more complex it has happened before
1	maybe we 're just matter biased non matter is important too !
6	is n't this number changing constantly if the universe is expanding ?
2	all of the mass evenly distributed at the density of the sun the number is meaningless without that bit of information it would condense instantly into a black hole and potentially ignite another big bang physics does not work that way ! good night !
7	thank you science because i did n't feel too small enough
3	tl dr universe , you scary !
2	suddenly my penis feels statistically huge
1	only you can make you do good things ( good for the world ) , so shut up
2	unless you are purely making a joke , i do n't think you understand what " heat death " is
1	yo momma 's so fat
4	haha , i'm glad someone has noticed that star wars has influenced my discourse p
1	son , if you do n't answer the question i am afraid that we are going to have to gag you
2	did you even read the article ? seriously , it took like <> minutes
2	<> <> or <> <> <> if you are a stickler
6	so , the ultimate answer to the ultimate question of life , the universe , and everything , <> , is actually
4	yep there 's a lot of space out there
1	little known fact , about <> is comprised of my penis
1	which has lead some to say , " and since there 's so little you can take the m out of e mc <> which means that all energy is just light ! " i wish i was kidding ( http www youtube com watch ? v r y4 z kdqq )
2	wow how is this out dated ? so tell me what is not out dated then ? what is the general opinion among cosmologists ?
6	i was more surprised by the " the universe is a cube that is <> billion light years on each side " how long has this idea been around and is there a lot of stuff to support it ? it just does n't seem right
6	i thought there was a lot of " dark matter " though ? hmm
2	damn nature , you lazy
6	a cellular peptide cake , maybe ? with mint frosting ?
7	it 's not easy to trace what proteins are doing , where they 're synthesized , what reactions they participate in , etc it may be that ab43 was simply another in a long list of proteins waiting to be poked and prodded with the biochem equivalent of traceroute ( pglo being a very popular tool for this ) the list of known proteins and gene products is enormous , but we have only traced the functions of a fraction of them
5	i believe it was plato but i could be wrong
5	there was a dude long ago he 's dead now
4	good catch thank you
4	i'm sticking with my simulation perspective ! all the benefits of a religion with no personal responsibility suits me perfectly
6	wow
5	i got upset when i learned that a certain percentage of the current funding grant has to be dedicated to grant proposal writing for future funding grants and their associated equipment requisitions that 's not science !
2	so he can feel better thinking he is not the only one who does n't understand it i suppose he 's like " look , i'm not that stupid , you do n't know shit either ! "
6	you do know that the holographic principle does n't actually make it mundane , right ?
2	phew good news thanks scientists how bout you cure cancer now
5	yes yes yes yes yesssssssssssssssss ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! fuck yessssssssssssssssssssss
1	in a nutshell , geo600 a mindbogglingly sensitive piece of kit started to detect what particle physicist craig hogan interpreted as quantum " fuzziness " this fuzziness , or blurriness on the smallest possible scales , could be interpreted as evidence for the " holographic universe " hypothesis however , as announced this week , a space borne european satellite that should be able to measure these small scales too , does n't appear to be registering any quantum fuzziness in fact , it has yet to detect anything quantum , indicating that spacetime 's " graininess " is composed of quanta that a lot smaller than predicted god , i love science " hey , look at these results ! the universe is fucking weird and we may have to rethink all our theories about its underpinnings ! " " no , look at my results ! your results are completely bogus ! the universe is fucking weird and we may have to rethink all our theories about its underpinnings in exactly the opposite direction !
5	not exactly it 's more like " hey , guys , you know , this noise at the edge of detection could be interpreted to support my pet theory of the universe ! " " nah , there is no noise at that frequency if you use this other instrument with higher sensitivity sorry "
1	what is this shit ? who is upvoting you ? how is any testable hypothesis that fits known facts and provides new questions to test " thoroughly gonzo ? " how has it been thoroughly debunked ? did you even read this simplified article about it , in which they clearly state that these results are by no means definitive ? i assure you that your universe will remain incomprehensible and baffling at all levels if you go around thinking in black and white about things you have absolutely no idea about
4	zoom ! gigapixel vancouver ( http www gigapixel com vancouver van city html ) enhance ! it really works !
1	what a fucking relief lol
5	perhaps it could if that sentence actually meant anything , but alas , it does n't
4	i have been thinking about our inherent aversion to phenomena whose scales are much different than the phenomena that we can directly observe my last physics class was <> years ago , so maybe i'm ignorant of some theoretical basis for the idea of an absolute lower limit , but from a philosophical perspective why should we have any expectation that we are getting close to the smallest scale of physical phenomena ? going in the opposite direction we already know that the universe is absurdly huge from our perspective as i wrestled with the implications of the theory that new copies of the universe are quantum splitting from each other at a furious pace , producing a tremendous number of new huge universes , i got overwhelmed thinking about where all this stuff could be coming from it just seemed like " too much " stuff but then i thought , " so what ? the universe is already known to be mind bogglingly huge what if it is ( mind boggling x mind boggling ) huge ? " our poor minds are very very boggled , but the real universe is not concerned about that so the results of this study make me wonder the same kind of thing , but in the direction of smallness maybe someday we 'll laugh at ourselves for being taken in by this window of small scales in which everything seemed to be very quiet and uniform well , most of that was caffeine talking thanks for reading
5	aaaaaand now my brain hurts
1	now i ca n't walk around saying things like " i'm beginning to question the validity of this entire hologram " i mean this may change everything i hope it is not true well even if it i can handle it i am a scientist , dammit
6	the universe could be a fractal with an infinite smallness ?
2	in awt the universe is composed of density fluctuations of inhomogeneous material environment , so called the aether but these density fluctuations are nothing , then just fractal curvatures of space time because even the awt has no better explanation for matter , then the space time curvature aether is just a concept of particle gas , which enables us to predict at least something from the complex behavior of such space time curvatures in this way , we are formed with space curvatures within space curvatures , which corresponds the illusion of the illusion it 's simply some probability field of random events you can try to interpret it like space time or like material or energy field , but you will always get stuck in some kind of circular reasoning again we simply do n't know , what this shit is all about it 's simply randomness in all its glory but it 's not nothing , because nothing has no other attributes , than just its nullity and the universe is apparently pretty rich ! this randomness is surprisingly easy to model with nested fluctuations of particle gas , but i consider this behaviour as an anthropocentric artefact of reality the most distant universe just mirrors the behaviour of most intrinsic reality right before our eyes it 's the common behavior of every particle environment for example the random spreading of ripples at the water surface at the larger distance imitates the behaviour of the brownian noise at the short distances the universe is just substantially larger analogy of such mirroring but we should n't be surprised with virtualness of our reality very much for example , recently i read the article about evolution of cooking recipes , which are evolving in time spontaneously like living organisms but not in real environment , but in virtual environment of cooking books the same aspects of spontaneous uncontrolled evolution we can observe in many areas of human activity , where many conditions and requirements compete for their fitness like random mutations we people have no good control over such evolution , because it 's influenced with many factors from outside ( fluctuations of financial markets , for example ) so that the human society serves as a rather passive virtual environment of this evolution , despite it 's willing to admit or not
4	admit it you just wanted to use unfalsifiable in a sentence it 's cool , we all do it too )
1	it 's not weird at all he knows the difference he just was n't paying attention
4	i agree about the theory not being thoroughly debunked
6	interesting one of my first science for the layman books was holographic universe by michael talbot still a great book , imho
1	enhance !
1	zoom ! enhance !
4	nice ranting there
4	the awt models space time with water surface , the light waves with surface ripples and the gravitational waves with underwater sound waves it 's evident , these waves are spreading much faster , then the surface ripples , so they manifest with tiny chaotic noise at the water surface in awt the analogy of underwater waves is well known cmbr noise , which is observed routinely during last fifty years ( and which actually everyone of us can detect with his analogue tv set ) the holographic theory considers , our world is a five dimensional projection from surface of black hole , where we are living in such projection can work only when the projective waves are highly superluminal , or it could n't create the photons with such projection this aspect have both holographic , both awt theory in common i'm just not quite sure , if holographists are realizing it and accepting the existence of tachyons in their theory anyway , despite you 're believing in tachyons or not , the underwater nuclear bomb explosion enables us imagine , what we would see during passage of such superluminal waves through our local area of space time with using of water surface model we should expect the sudden increase of the background noise from all directions , which correspond the passage of underwater shock wave along water surface analogously , mr hogan deduced , the passage of holographic wave should n't manifest itself like some periodic wave , but like the less or more sudden change of background noise intensity and he even believed , he succeeded in observation of such event at the geo600 detector before some years but the holographic theory still differs from awt , as mr hogan does n't consider the cmbr as a holographic noise , which he is actually trying to detect because lower frequencies are occupied with alleged gravitational waves of classical general relativity , he actually seeks for his " holographic noise " at somewhat higher frequencies , just to avoid the interference with cmbr background in such way , these crazy physicists are trying to avoid just the phenomena , which they 're supposed to detect such situation is not quite exceptional in mainstream physics anyway , we can observe some convergence to awt model here , because the holographic noise is searched at substantially higher frequencies , than the " classical " gravitational waves of general relativity
6	the article above linked is about zero result of polarization during gamma ray burst it actually does n't disprove holographic model from single reason the quantum cmbr noise is real , it 's not an illusion imo this zero result follows from another artefact , which is just a consequence of mirroring our classical reality into most distant areas of universe as you probably know , the contemporary mainstream physics is driven with pair of mutually dual theories , with quantum mechanics ( qm ) and general relativity ( gr ) the gr considers conservation of macroscopic quantities of light spreading , like the speed of light the qm considers the conservation ( quantization ) of microscopic qualities of light , for example the spin of photon because these two theories mutually complement each other , the physicists are developing new metatheories , based on these two theories currently the most popular are string theory ( st ) and loop quantum gravity theory ( lqg ) , which are both based on different postulate set of qm an gr the st is more qm oriented and it considers constant speed of light , extra dimensions and it considers the particles as a low dimensional strings and membranes , i e it 's oriented to the description of particles the lqg is a field theory oriented to gr instead it does n't care very much about particles and extradimensions , instead of it it considers the vacuum as a stringy mesh of loops , i e spin mesh with respect to awt , these two theories complement each other in similar way like the gr and qm itself just in wider extent by principle of ads cft correspondence when the photons of different wavelength are spreading through quantum foam forming the vacuum , these two theories predict different violation of gr and qm the st considers the constant speed of light , so it cannot predict the variable speed of light for different wavelengths instead of this it can predict , the light will change its polarization while traveling at large cosmological distances the lqg does n't care about polarization light too much , but it predicts , the light of different wavelengths will travel through quantum foam with different speed the shortwavelenght light will follow surfaces of spin foam , so it will travel slower in similar way , like the blue light travels slower through dispersive environment red light penetrates such environment faster , because it 's not dispersed with it too much ( from the same reason the fog lights are yellow and morning sky is red ) the prediction of both theories work well , when the distance for light remains low and or the energy density of light remains low for example , we are observing the polarization or doppler 's anisotropy of microwave radiation at the distant areas of universe in the same way , we can observe the polarization of gamma radiation near black holes ( like the cygnus x1 ) or we can observe the delay between long wavelength and shortwavelenght portions of near gamma ray bursts , like the mkn <> for these situations the lgq st work reasonably well the problem arises , when we are observing the light at both vast cosmic distances , both high energy density ( gamma radiation ) the proponents of both st or lqg theories are expecting , in such situations their corrections will become quite apparent but the exactly the opposite is true in such situations the corrections predicted with both theories compensate mutually and we can observe anything again for example in distant grb <> whole burst arrived at earth at the single moment and at the case of distant grb <> no polarization was observed awt ( dense aether theory ) explains , what happens there with using of analogy with fluid mechanics the gr says , the light has no mass , it only transfers momentum the reason is , for photons the reference frame in space time is not defined in gr , because for such photons the time effectively stops but in awt the gravity field of objects spreads much faster , than the speed of light even photons have gravity field around them , especially these shortwavelength ones therefore a bunch of gamma ray photons does n't propagate through vacuum independently , they 're attracting and revolving mutually like asteroids inside of giant vortex ring the heavier photons are collected at center of resulting cluster , whereas these longwavelength ones are revolving them in this way , the longwavelength photons are traveling along longer path ( thus fulfilling the lqg prediction ) , but the whole cluster arives at earth in single moment ( thus fulfilling the expectations of st ) the mutual revolution of photons inside of gamma burst cluster destroys their polarization too the formation of vortex rings from photons is not new feature , the same effect we can observe during spreading of light through boson condensates we can say , the vacuum density fluctuations are behaving with respect to gamma rays like the atoms inside of boson condensates with respect to visible light the vortex rings of light , which are formed here are illustrating , how the photons would appear at quantum scale we could say , the vortex rings of gamma ray bursts are forming normal photons inside of giant hyper universe
6	so , it was just an illusion that the universe was an illusion ?
1	about this time , someone is telling you to get on the plane " get on the plane get on the plane " i say , " fuck you , i'm getting in the plane ! george carlin
6	you mean you ca n't see yours ?
1	uhh no , it 's not an unfalsifiable claim , it 's a direct observation which contradicts an unevidenced and extremely speculative theory it 's worth remembering that the geo600 " fuzziness " was on the absolute threshold of the sensitivity of the instrument , and that there were two competing theories what caused the " fuzziness " that the universe was a hologram or that the fuzziness was simply noise
1	just shut the hell up okay i'm being excessive but a lot of interesting shit has been said about the nature of reality and our perceptions of reality since plato for christ 's sake lets try to push the envelope here otherwise its just making oblique references to stories like hipsters or something rant
6	" i want my universe incomprehensible and baffling at the most basic levels " why ?
6	yes , great article so simple in theory to keep the weight off mmm , now about that abstinence part
4	incredible article !
5	sorry , the law specifically states that the mother has to prove that it was n't aborted that 's different than saying " miscarraige is illegal " it may eventually pass that that is true , but even republicans are n't that stupid they are n't against miscarraiges , they are against abortions this just seems like a way to scare people , blackmail them , not accuse random women of abortion abortions are illegal in the state , the nutcases already got that state
8	i look at it like it is a womans body 's way of being very picky and hopefully meaning a healthier baby
5	yeah , but , if they miscarry in some us states now they are liable to be investigated for homicide ( sigh ) any of you other countries need citizens ? i am ready to bail on the us now
1	that 's bullshit because a d & c can cause permanent damage to uterine lining
8	or they might go to jail for murder if they live in mississippi apparently
2	having a child is an unbelievably selfish act and yet our culture bestows on them accolades as if it was noble and something to be proud of name <> good reason to reproduce other than to have someone who will wipe your ass for free when you ca n't
2	this is n't entirely true there are some conditions like cervical incompetence and anti phospholipid syndrome where women will continue to have miscarriages and have a much higher rate of miscarriage these conditions can be treated but then woman 's odds of getting pregnant are lower than average
1	proof ? this sounds like bullshit
1	if they miscarry in some us states now they are liable to be investigated for homicide unbe fucking lievable ! my mother had <> miscarriages before i was finally born , fuck knows what they would do her !
1	well it 's like saying war is a selfish act sure it is when you are attacking , but not defending having a child in america is defense against the stupidity of the fundies that is a war that is raging
2	someone has to fight off the haters
1	nothing because he 's full of shit
1	well , continuation of the human race , that 'd be nice , but i would assume that you 're a vhemt ( http www vhemt org ) member and probably think the human race should die off , which is kinda silly
1	this guardian article talks about a few cases http www guardian co uk world <> jun <> america pregnant women murder charges in most of them it seems like the women allegedly used drugs while pregnant , which may have caused the miscarriage does n't make it any less fucked up though
5	sheesh , he 's not suggesting that reproducing should stop entirely , he just says that it should n't be a huge thing that everyone in the entire world hopes to do if everyone has multiple babies , we 're gonna die off more than likely faster than if we did n't reproduce at all
1	like i said bullshit ( http le utah gov <> htmdoc hbillhtm hb0012 htm )
7	i know this is just an anecdote , but my grandfather ate eggs every morning for breakfast for decades and lived to be <> despite smoking until he was in his fifties
1	one promising idea , known as magnetic hyperthermia , involves injecting minuscule " nanoparticles , " basically microscopic lumps of iron oxide or other compounds , into tumors to make them magnetic the patient is put into a magnetic field that reverses direction thousands of times every second the magnetic nanoparticles are excited by the applied field and begin to get hot , heating and potentially destroying the surrounding cancer tissue because healthy tissue is not altered by the magnetic field , it does not heat up and is not damaged dunecat approves please proceed to humans tired of losing family to this shit
2	the problem has never been killing large tumor masses , especially those which can be reached via external injection shit , if you can inject the tumor full of iron oxide , why not skip the middle man and inject them with chemo drugs ? the real issue is and has always been specific binding , followed by early detection from a protein binding standpoint , cancer cells look very normal to your immune system they ( typically ) do n't have a red flag that says " hey iron particles , over here , bind to me , i'm cancer " then early detection is still a problem too most of the poor prognosis cancers present as non palpable , diffuse , hard to reach bastards which wo n't show up outside of a contrast catscan read by a really smart oncologist i'm not saying this is n't useful , just that it is n't the breakthrough needed to save your family what is needed is the method to specifically bind drugs nanoparticles poison to cancer cells
2	i call shenanigans next thing we know , magneto will show up and fling all of the cancer patients into the ocean
1	chemo drugs have nasty nasty side effects , these do not
2	this technology is n't anything new , something i'm actually working on at the moment the reason they use this method is because it actually makes chemotherapy more effective when used in conjunction with magnetic hyperthermia you do n't have to bind the particles to the cancer cells , they only need to be in the general region , which you can do with some sort of targeting , or in most cases , none is needed at all
1	it 's been " soon " for <> years
1	are you reading what i am typing ? what is coming soon ? until you can bind to cancer , this nano stuff is not clinically useful but , if you can bind to cancer , there 's a hundred easier drugs which you could attach to the binding molecule and use selectively treat the cancer this is like claiming you have the cure for world hunger and all you need to make it work is a helicopter to fly the food to every starving person on earth the problem is n't the food it 's getting it where it needs to go
5	the curiosity lander ( http www wired co uk magazine archive <> <> features rover returns ) , via wired sorry , it is a slideshow , but it 's only <> images long and it 's relatively non intrusive ( and decently high res ) edit here 's the slideshow , minus the slideshow first image ( http i imgur com rff0y jpg ) the three metre , <> <> rover is powered by a radioisotope generator the decay of <> <> of plutonium dioxide will provide a steady source of heat , used to produce onboard electricity this means the rover can continue its mission at night , unlike earlier solar powered craft , whose panels could be obscured by martian dust second image ( http i imgur com gc2rj jpg ) spacecraft built in the jet propulsion lab at pasadena have observed the moon , venus , mars , i jupiter , saturn and the outer solar system here , technicians work on the mars science laboratory s flight system in a clean room two thousand technicians and scientists have worked on the project over the past six years fourth image ( http i imgur com axiha jpg ) earlier rovers bounced on to the surface of mars using air bags curiosity is too heavy for that , so will use a jet backpack for the final part of its descent as the retro rockets control the landing speed , the descent stage will unspool tethers to lower the rover s wheels on to the surface if it works , it will be spectacular , says grotzinger fifth image ( http i imgur com bxqfq jpg ) errin dalshaug , left , and <> brett kennedy , of jpl , prepare to assess vibration in a test model of the robotic arm it will wield a drill , a magnifying lens camera , an element identifying spectrometer and a rock brush this arm is strong , says kennedy , but still needs to move accurately enough to drop an aspirin into a thimble sixth image ( http i imgur com x16cp jpg ) the backshell forms the top portion of the capsule that will enclose the rover and descent stage to protect them from the heat of falling through the upper atmosphere of mars at supersonic speed the bottom portion the heatshield proper will be joined to the backshell at kennedy space center , florida , ahead of launch i skipped the <> image , which was just of an employee in a clean suit
4	thank you for this the msl is a stunning bit of tech and it will most likely cover hundreds of kilometres in its <> year life span i ca n't wait to follow its discoveries but i am hoping against hope that it does not find extant life or evidence of fossil life why ? because the great filter ( http en wikipedia org wiki great filter ) is why
6	i like the ductape around the extremely precise and highly sophisticated trap interesting stuff though
8	not sure if you 're serious or not , but that would n't make a difference since matter & antimatter are indistinguishable in everything but charge ( protons have positive charge , and antiprotons have negative charge but same mass basic properties ) since both are indistinguishable from each other , we are composed of antimatter 's antimatter , it 's all relative to the object composed of either antimatter matter i hope that clears it up a bit for you
6	maybe there 's more antimatter than matter and we 're all made of antimatter
5	a laudable quality , but it is a shame that it can not be extended to descriptions of your experimental technique ! wernstrom
1	i 'll have you know that i am neither mirthful nor humorous ! farnsworth
2	a bug of exquisite passion
4	pop ! pop !
1	damn , this bug beat my record of <> decibels of noise created by my genitalia
6	bow chicha bow wow
2	of course it 's a french bug
1	totally skipped the " bug " part , was like oh god why no
6	wee wee , it is loud !
2	i 've heard of skin flute but this is ridiculous
2	they are disjoint sets , science investigates the physical while religion investigates the metaphysical certain theologies try to cross that line and certain sciences try to cross that line , but that is the fallacy of the individuals responsible
2	that 's a good quote very applicable i did n't need to read all of his points to know that they were mostly garbage i was n't bored or brave , i just have a strong commitment to give honest consideration to views that i do n't agree with it takes a large quantity of will power , but it needs to be done otherwise , i do n't know that i'm right and naturally i am always right )
2	about halfway thorough i could n't take it , so i hurried through it my eyes crossed over every word , yes i am all about researching both sides , but there 's just some arguments so self evidently ignorant that they are n't worth consideration
1	i did n't say that they were mutually exclusive i said that the only way you can accept both religion and science is if you believe in theistic evolution frustration ? i'm not frustrated , i'm just pointing out how everything he said is completely wrong
6	what sciences try to cross that line ?
2	guess that means michael behe can go suck it
4	clear vision nice
1	they still cannot clear a fucking eye floaters !
4	i liked it though the terminology used to describe the eye is pretty unfamiliar to me
1	did you even read ' darwin 's black box ' ? it was remarkable ! remarkably ignorant i could barely force myself to read it
1	everything you 've written is absolute bullshit a global flood is not corroborated by any evidence , there 's overwhelming evidence that man has existed for more than <> years , and there 's nothing in the slighest to suggest that man was created in his current form , everything points to common descent for every living thing on earth you ca n't just pick and choose what scientific evidence you want to follow based on ideas that you want to arbitrarily pick and choose from your religion the only way science and religion can exist is if you believe in some kind of theistic evolution
2	i know god exists for a fact i know jesus is lord you have to understand every other religious group knows they are right too you have to ask yourself " how do i know " for three months , take away the existence of god as an axiom assume god does n't exist , and then give an honest look at the evidence on the one hand , doing this will strengthen your faith and solidify your arguments for believe it on the other hand , you may discover that you were wrong but in that case you would be better for knowing also , picking out the hardest part of a theory and noting that is has n't been proven is not an argument against it it is quite possible that we will create a photon receptor in a lab setting some time in the future it 's kinda like saying " the earth is n't round , no one has seen all of it ! " well , eventually we got to the moon
1	the world needs christianity everyone needs christianity why ?
7	oh , for the love of science !
2	i know god exists for a fact i know jesus is lord you have to understand every other religious group knows they are right too you have to ask yourself " how do i know " for three months , take away the existence of god as an axiom assume god does n't exist , and then give an honest look at the evidence on the one hand , doing this will strengthen your faith and solidify your arguments for believe it on the other hand , you may discover that you were wrong but in that case you would be better for knowing also , picking out the hardest part of a theory and noting that is has n't been proven is not an argument against it it is quite possible that we will create a photon receptor in a lab setting some time in the future it 's kinda like saying " the earth is n't round , no one has seen all of it ! " well , eventually we got to the moon
2	did you finish it ?
2	you claimed that science made metaphysical claims and gave the example of astrology that deserves condescension and derision also , the example of cosmology is not a good one , the wikipedia entry itself makes a distinction between the two physical cosmology is science , metaphysical cosmology is not
1	do n't condescend me because you do n't agree with what i am saying upon further examination , astrology was a bad example cosmology would be a better example some cosmologists ( http en wikipedia org wiki cosmology metaphysical cosmology ) certainly try to make metaphysical claims that 's not bullshit , and it is not my fault that you did n't take a moment to consider my points
2	you 've still failed to give an example of a science that makes metaphysical claims it 's also become evident that you 're a bullshit spewing whackjob
1	and now we 're back to a soy problem ? i kid i kid
6	oh ? so what 's the recommendation this week ?
1	i hate to say it , but you 're going to find it impossible to get enough protein on a vegan diet if you do manual labor you physically can not eat <> gram of protein for every <> lb of your own weight per day if the protein is coming from lentils , believe me i 've tried but yeah , if your not mowing lawns or building houses , a vegan diet is n't hard the food you mentioned sounds great btw i'm hungry now !
6	wow we eat almost opposite diets i eat a primal diet that 's high fat consisting of lots of high quality meats i eat as close to zero grains as i can ( but i do like them so i eat some ) i stay away from anything with sugar in it other than things like fruit ( i dig on berries mostly and stay away from fruit juices which have high sugar ratios ) i also have no problem eating dairy , cheese etc but i stick with the high fat or high protein stuff i eat plenty of healthy fats like avocado , coconut oils , butter etc i do eat a limited amount of nuts but i do n't go crazy i stay away from hydrogenated oils and oils with high omega <> 's that are pro inflammatory in general i stay away from processed anything or fast food of any kind i do n't generally eat frozen food ( sometimes frozen berries never something like a lean cuisine ) i do drink wine , mostly red high in resveratrol ( and flavor ) basically pretty much what mark sisson ( marksdailyapple com ) recommends
5	grains i love how i 've been downvoted , obviously by my fellow vegetarians who are grumpy about being reminded how much easier it is to be a meat eater i did n't give up meat because i thought it would be fun and easy i gave it up because it was right , and probably healthy anyhow , the big thing about protein sources is that the various weird and tasty grains that meat eaters ignore like beans and lentils and quinoa all contain partial proteins proteins are tricky because they need a voltron like combination of a " complete " protein to actually work quinoa is a rice like grain that is unique in the grain world for providing such a complete protein try it as a substitute for rice in your next stir fry or whatever otherwise , in general mix one of the traditional grains ( bread , rice , whatever ) with one of the heartier grains ( beans , lentils , chickpeas ) is the rule of thumb i 've been taught felafel is actually good because it contains both there 's also seitan , which is wheat gluten obviously not an option for celiacs it 's a wonderful meat substitute in both taste and protein content sadly , in this savage wasteland of ontario it 's pretty hard to find in a pre packaged form
4	yay , so we 've replaced our fat problem with a sodium problem brilliant !
5	i'm confused as to what you 're referring to there , you 're seeing things in my posts that do n't exist where in my posts have i associated myself with the paleotards ? militant paleos are just as bad as militant vegans in my eyes and whilst i share some dietary principles with them , i generally think that <> of the people who actually identify themselves as ' paleo ' are fucking morons if anything you 've demonstrated the fact that reality does not match your distorted perceptions maybe i should clarify my position i 've got nothing against the china study itself , outside of the fact it 's only an epidemiological study and as such ca n't be used for anything other than generating hypotheses i just believe that campbells interpretation of the data is flat out wrong that the data just does not support his conclusions
2	someone needs to tell me which delivery food to eat cooking is for boring people
4	that 's cool cannabis has been doing this for years without a diet change
4	wow this is really significant combine it with the studies suggesting lower carb intake reducing heart disease and diabetes and the personal health reasons for avoiding meat a la vegetarianism get that much less convincing
4	steak is good for you
5	i'm irish i live on beer and potatoes this is the worst news ever (
2	can we just give up on the low carb thing already ? this is getting ridiculous
1	god bless aacr and their free to download journals in unrelated news , fuck you very much , ebscohost
2	i work in cancer biology as a doctorate student mouse models are pretty horrible but i'm not arguing they do n't serve a purpose whopping conclusions should n't be drawn from them for instance , thermal ablation using gold nanoshells does not cure cancer it cures cancer in mice that have a tumor <> cm from the surface of their skin yet this headline about the miracle of nanoparticles is ubiquitous in cancer research no evidence exists that this can be used in humans with any such degree of sucess these studies shed some light on possible actions for future therapy they do not , however , reveal things such as " a low carbohydrate , high protein diet slows tumor growth and prevents cancer initiation " they might suggest that this is a possibility , but certainly a murine tumor model does not show that in humans a low carb diet slows tumor growth it does n't even come close to that diet studies are particularly flawed in murine models , given that the diet of mice and humans are n't remotely similar it 's stupid to make headlines on reddit that are so misleading feel free to have a different opinion
2	nuts taste nothing like cheese , blasphemer
5	sorry , ca n't after the hpv vaccine gave me late onset autism , my parents cured it and made me immune to cancer with a homeopathic arsenic and honey mixture you know how it is
4	yes , thanks for rtfa , dr warburg is mentioned in the very first sentence of the paper
1	no fat is good for you low fat is bullshit
7	units are important
2	if you eat any major food group in excess you get fat or ill in some way
4	right , because only fad diet salesmen make such absurd claims you have decided to pretend " the entire scientific community " is " militant vegan veg circles " and that " paleo scammers " is " the entire scientific community " but reality does not match your distorted perception
6	all my local grocery stores sell nothing but soy based meat substitutes you may be in a different position locally ( where do you live ) but that 's different than saying that the industry has standardized on something that it has not wheat gluten is actually the more popular protein source it 's just tofu gets the press since it has a funny name
4	this looks interesting , thank you for sharing !
7	that 's an excellent start , thank you
4	i 'd be interested in reading a respected rebuttal
4	i like your optimism
4	thanks ) oh , the <> mice in the last experiment were female the tumor growth experiment was done with two diets <> high amylose cho , <> protein , <> fat ( <> cho ) diet for <> mice ( plus <> control mice on a <> diet ) <> cho was also <> mice ( plus <> controls on <> diet ) then another experiment with <> cho diet plus chemotherapy in total about <> mice ( <> mice on the <> cho diet , of which <> received a kind of chemotherapy ) i do think this article is interesting and who knows in the future a cancer patient will receive a diet to support the effect of the chemotherapy but i think there 's still a lot to discuss and to investigate here
4	they are lucky they got use <> animal testing is rather hard to do depending on the government
1	shut your mouf your analogy with hybrid cars tells me how stupid you are
1	have u tried it asshole ?
4	i have an awesome large fancy pressure cooker that i 've been using for nearly <> years , and i have to say that cooking beans in it is tricky , since they foam up so much and tend to clog the valve , resulting in spraying down the kitchen if you do n't have the temperature and amount of bean water just right however , i limit our intake of canned beans due to bpa etc tip salt beans after cooking , as salting them before makes them a little tough
2	yes , yes you think you can completely cure cancer with the right foods , composing " natural health " but i am the foolish one i also foolishly do n't believe in fairies in leprechauns my bad
2	you know they invented this process called canning not very hard to sit down once a week , or every <> days , and make a shitload of beans you can say the same for meat you need to freeze meat or else it goes bad you can dry it or can it
2	whether you like meat or not , it 's pretty hard to say it 's harder to cook with a straight face it is who actually cooks raw beans anymore ? nobody who is n't involved in some sort of project ( like church or pta or something ) and they 'll invest the time i was responding to someone who was saying that it takes longer to cook veggies than meat , which is inaccurate i can cook seitan on high heat and have it done in <> <> minutes if i stay on top of it ( which is about what you 'd have to do to get the meat to cook within the ten minutes ) coming from the most common use case for each product ( canned for beans , raw for meat ) it actually is noticeably faster to cook beans than a pork chop there 's no way you 're getting that porkchop done in <> minutes , but that 's more than enough time to either nuke or simmer the canned beans for example ( http thepioneerwoman com cooking <> <> simple pan fried pork chops ) prep time <> minutes cook time <> minutes personally , i think her times are a bit screwy ( <> minutes less on prep , possibly five more on the actual cook ) but the amount is about what i 'd expect think is something everyone simply knows vegetarians do this is one of my pet peeves it 's not against omnis though , since it 's probably just a fundamental flaw in our society that just finds a representation here , but there 's the assumption that if one does n't know about it then someone who has every reason to know about it , probably still does n't know rant animal products have all the amino acids , but most vegetable products are missing some slightly incorrect you 're about <> <> on but it 's an important <> where you 're off " complete protein " is dietary shorthand for basically " if you eat this protein possessing food and your protein consumption equals the rda , then you do n't have to worry about the individual aminos since it 's all in proportion with what your body needs to take in " in other words it 's just a way of saying that you can go solely off of the grams of protein on the side of the box without having to research the food to make sure you 're feeding yourself adequately one thing you might notice about that is that it says absolutely nothing about whether it has any of the amino acids and if you look at the evidence most plants , especially those thought of as protein sources , actually do come pretty close to the definition of " complete protein " but their proportions are off , so they ca n't claim the label gluten comes pretty close but quinoa was actually proposed as being a food source for long term space missions simply because it is so incredibly close to being a complete protein ( i 'll try to find the source for you after i post , if i can still find it ) soy is the only complete protein , but a protein being incomplete just means you have to complement it with something like beans legumes are naturally complemented by bread pasta rice ( which is why wheat rice and beans are both included in that enchilada i was referring to ) long and short of it is it 's kind of important if a food is a " complete protein " but it 's not a big deal if it is n't , just need a rough understanding of what to pair it with ( most veggies do n't even worry that much about it ) edit this ( http www hort purdue edu newcrop proceedings1996 v3 <> html table <> ) is n't the pdf i was thinking of when i wrote that but it does contain the information for the proportions required for " complete protein " see wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki complete protein ) from the article the protein values increase and the relative proportions of amino acids meet or exceed the requirements of humans , except for cysteine and methionine same article has ( in kind of a weird basing ) cysteine at <> miligrams and methionine at <> mili as well i say weird because it gives grams per <> grams which is basically in tens of miligrams ( which is why i multiplied by ten to get them into a more usual denomination ) at any rate that puts methionine cystine at <> , but the wikipedia says <> is the recommended amount seems like someone 's math is a little off , not quite sure whose ( hint probably the page anybody can edit ) at any rate it appears that there are only two limiting acids and we 're down to the point where we have two ( somewhat ) reliable sources that are erroring on saying it has too much of the acids edit <> i think i figured out why the math did n't work out , they 're probably going to have to grow them hydroponically but i was pulling from field growth hydroponically the methionine cystine at <> which is <> below the requirement to be called a " complete protein " edit <> taking another look at the table it looks like they 're saying methionine cystine is too low even for field grown so maybe the wikipedia page is way off or something
1	that does n't even make sense i did n't tell you that being a vegan is wrong i told you to stop projecting your beliefs on others " come off your high horse " would be something you would say to someone who thought they were more righetous than you , which is the position you 're playing in this disccusion , not i
5	when i see " diet " or " light " foods that contain less fat but compensate for loss of flavour by adding extra sugar , i shed a tear
2	some fat is good for you , but that only means that no fat is bullshit , low fat is not bullshit unless your bodyfat is low enough that you need more to be healthy
4	it depends on the fruit modern fruit has been bred to be " tree candy " although it 's not nearly as sweet as real candy , it 's still pretty sweet however , it does have fiber in it which lowers it 's gi
6	it 's amusing when scientists discover the exact opposite results to the " natural remedy " peoples ' suggestions people promoting diet as the cure for cancer have been claiming that a vegetarian low protein diet stops or reverses cancer growth right
1	fuking bullshit the reason the person got cancer in the first place is due to bad diet a high protein diet slows ( but does n't stop it now does it ? ) see how fuking insane this title is slow , but dont stop the tumor growth here 's a fuking idea , how about we stop and cure the tumor every single fucking nation in this fuking world that eats meat and drinks milk have the highest rates of bone disease and disorder at elderly age and i submit to you that any nation in this world that eats starches and vegetables as primary source of food intake have the lowest rate of bone disease at elderly age gee whize , why do u think that is ? ? ? eating meat is deadly , it 's highly acidic and strips the body of calcium so fuk off meat , fuck off you bacon eating redditards , and fuck this fake fail journal article and another thing , all you fake fuking go green trendy hipsters out there , if you really want to decrease pollution , then stop eating meat
2	that study is flawed in many respects their definition and how they measured " low carb " would mean someone eating <> <> carbohydrate day was eating a low carb diet they used food frequency questionnaires very crude method of gauging what people ate do you even remember what you ate one week ago ? the authors only examined food intake once at the start of the <> plus year study if a person changed his diet at any point during the two decade study it would not be reflected in the analysis the risk ratios ( hazard ratios ) are miniscule tiny if there is any effect at all , it is barely measurable , even if you have very good , very precise data which we do n't most epidemiologists ( legitimate ones , anyway ) ordinarily do n't consider an rr of less than <> <> worth looking into and even then , it 's still a tenuous , weak , relationship at best the rrs in this study were all like <> <> or <> <> in real world terms , basically nothing edit fixed units
4	thanks , i wish i could give you more than one upvote while the science is interesting it 's very preliminary extrapolating a sweeping conclusion based <> male mice is pretty damned silly
4	i stand corrected though i might suggest that , since it has a very salty taste , you could use less of it and achieve the same amount of flavour but perhaps that 's more appropriate for r fitness
6	use the low carb noodles and you absolutely can go there even with regular noodles , the gi is still pretty low amazing what can be considered healthy
1	plus vegetarians are so snooty
4	opposite i love cooking i just happen to have a job , <> rambunctious toddlers , a wife who works crazy long hours , and hobbies other than cooking
2	downvoted for complaining about <> downvotes
1	proteins are tricky because they need a voltron like combination of a " complete " protein to actually work hint it 's uninformed crap like this that 's getting you downvoted ( i mean , aside from your apparently complete ignorance of quick to prepare vegetarian foods like canned beans ) protein combining is an outdated , incorrect notion
1	and my axe !
1	yeah , sorry i'm a bad person i 'd rather kill a living thing than sacrifice my humanity yes , eating meat is human yes , it 's natural , healthy , and perfectly fine i take issue with cafo , and the strong environmental issues , but i'm not going to drink <> grams a day worth of pea protein powder down vote away for having an opinion other than yours i understand , i did the same thing when i was a vegetarian for ten years i also saw the health effects first hand on myself and fellow vegetarian friends ya 'll are deluding yourselves if you think a well planned vegetarian diet is any healthier than a well planned omnivorous diet
2	it 's called natural health , and you ca n't patent it fool i will be a millionaire just you wait
7	luckily there 's rice and pea protein powder that makes it easy to get plenty of protein
4	lol
1	which does n't mean a fucking thing ridiculous ad hominems like you 've just presented do n't actually address the arguments she put forward it 's a classic logical fallacy to attack the person and their credentials and not the substance of the argument itself
6	which carbs are associated with diabetes refined or complex ?
1	holy shit ! i tried to use short ( http cancerres aacrjournals org content <> <> <> short ) instead of the long ( http cancerres aacrjournals org content <> <> <> long ) in the url and that fucking worked ! ( " yes , i know that it only shows the abstract , it 's awesome nonetheless ! " )
4	i love cancer as a chain smoker , i look forward to it
4	wild fruit can also naturally be as sweet as modern fruit http rawfoodsos com <> <> <> wild and ancient fruit
7	this is the most thorough rebuttal i 've read http rawfoodsos com <> <> <> final china study response html http rawfoodsos com the china study
5	so you 're saying you know a dietary method to instantly completely halt the growth of all tumors ? man , if only you could learn to spell , you 'd be a multi millionaire it 's sort of tragic
6	wow study is officially not interesting , not even going to open it we 've cured cancer in murine models everyone not novel
1	fuck it , you win , i'm <> wrong and you are <> right
6	really ? i wish it did n't have to be stored in a cool place or i 'd send you some !
4	what 's so special about taking protein supplements at a construction site ? if it 's portability there are portable options too if people will make fun of you or it 's some other social thing well , that 's more of a personal preference than an " it 's impossible " situation which is fine just sayin '
2	i thought it was satire it is certainly funny whether or not it is intended to be
1	haha , yeah , i noticed that too it could be a <> year meta study that shakes the foundation of science and nutrition itself and these frothed mouthed zealots would call bullshit
4	this is important because high fat increases cancer risk ( <> ) and plant protein seems to decrease whereas animal protein increases cancer mortality ( <> ) interestingly , colonic cancer inducing damage caused by red meats may be avoided with high amylose , low cho diets ( <> ) these studies suggest that macronutrient sources and combinations are very important and that testing them through highly controlled studies , such as those achieved with mice , represents a powerful approach to this question correct me if i'm wrong but this study cites another that states a low carb , high plant sourced protein diet is better than animal protein diets http www annals org content <> <> <> abstract ? ijkey b1f9fa9450c63ed84fc9c79ad8b83d41be745fd7 & keytype2 tf ipsecsha
4	i " knew " that for a long time starting to avoid carbs some <> years ago was so far ( i'm <> ) the best single decision of my life the benefits are so many i would n't even know where to start a propos current topic , there 's been research done ( in the ' <> i believe ) showing that cancer cells in vitro thrive and grow like mad when fed with sugars but stop multiplying and start dying without it , like when fed with fats and proteins i ca n't find the study online though maybe someone here knows more about it ?
6	why does a vegetarian diet have to be low protein ?
4	loudmouths stand out more than voices of reason do n't get me wrong though , i detest the " froth mouthed zealots " on the other end of the spectrum just head over to r fitness and see the " hive mind " mentality of ' omgz , if i eat one carb i 'll get the diabetes ! ' as well as the ' yeah , you gotta eat over <> grams of carbs every day or you ca n't get strong ' type some people just like to stick their fingers in their ears and do the internet version of singing la la la
2	basically everything is bad for you if you have enough of it and everything is good for you if you have it in small enough quantities these whole extreme diets jumping from " carbs are brilliant eat tons of them " to " carbs are the devil , do n't even look at them " is just stupid you can tell how little science goes behind a lot of these diets because of the fact that they come and go in fashion never heard of gravity going out of fashion why not eat a balanced diet and your body will tell you if it does n't like something
2	dogs do n't have molars , and are not known for chewing their food , which is necessary to digest carbohydrates so , of course , they do n't do well with carbohydrates your comparison is totally invalid , i'm afraid
5	uh what are you trying to say clearly vegans are the cause of america 's obesity and laziness
1	hybrid cars are fuking bullshit ! they slow , but do n't stop , energy usage ! her 's a fucking idea , stop using energy entirely , and have are cars fly through the air completely for free ! everything else is stupid ! anyway , not eating meat does n't lower the chance of cancer rates , bone disease is a negligible cause of death in western countries amongst the elderly , especially when we 're talking about cancers ( leukemia is a young people disease ) , and your assertion that milk consumption leads to weaker bones is the exact opposite of what the data shows osteoporosis may have some correlation with meat consumption ( though it has only been demonstrated with isolated protein , and there is some evidence to suggest otherwise with whole meat ) , but the countries with the highest rates of osteoporosis also have the highest life expectancies overall anyway , if you want to troll , try r keto ( r keto ) you 'll probably find them to be better targets overall for these rants of yours
1	fuking bullshit the reason the person got cancer in the first place is due to bad diet a high protein diet slows ( but does n't stop it now does it ? ) see how fuking insane this title is slow , but dont stop the tumor growth here 's a fuking idea , how about we stop and cure the tumor the " person " is one of several mice and they all got their tumours the same way it helps to read the first paragraph of the abstract before attempting to " debunk " a scientific study
2	yes , and outside of the militant vegan veg circles it 's widely considered to be a load of disingenuous horse shit
4	very interesting study , and against the current high protein fad
4	personally , i have no idea , but you could probably get an answer if you posted a topic in r fitness , r advancedfitness , or r askscience i 'd be interested in the answer , too
4	the max protein meal is still under debate after a little googling , i can see that
7	thanks for that it would be tempting to say , " well , then , my recommendation stands ! " but that would be uncalled for and unkind , would n't it ?
2	the study used plant based proteins and found that animal proteins increased cancer , so you 've got nothing to worry about post title is potentially misleading
1	shut your mouth , you dont know jack shit about natural healing asshole
2	it is in fact a widely considered as the definitive rebuttal to campbell by a large number of 're spected ' people yes it is ad hominem to disregard the substance of an argument on the basis that someone is n't qualified enough i 've got a degree in biochemistry , i'm <> years into a molecular biology focused phd , if i reproduce the rebuttal is the argument then legitimate ? how qualified does someone have to be for the argument to be accepted , does someone have to published in order to be able to produce an intelligent argument ? can someones argument only be right if they are judged qualified and respected enough by you ?
2	first paragraph filler second paragraph , more filler third and fourth paragraphs , moore 's law fifth and sixth paragraphs , ( poor ) summary of spintronics final three paragraphs , small amount of info about new findings what a horrible article
1	i think we can all agree that the mainstream media does n't give one fuck about what scientists have or have not " generally discarded "
2	oh please , not again the thing with magnetic spintronics is that it only is more efficient the smaller it gets ( magnetic coupling only kicks to high efficiencies at small scales ) right now the dimensions of general electronics are not exactly there yet that 's nanoelectronics territory coming but not there yet but also the technology is not there yet right now spintronics gets used in disk drive head ( the reader ) but that 's very different from planar , photolithographic moore 's law following scalability but for microprocessors , logic , etc it 's still at least <> years out imo spintronics for that kind of application is sort of where germanium or silicon were in the <> in terms of semiconductor technology obviously could work and work well but definitely not ready and significantly no money available to work it ( just like during the great depression many of the ideas imagined in the <> regarding semiconductors did n't have the capital funding to be made a reality until the <> after wwii )
4	a good joke , but definitely not it could potentially wipe states or pseudo randomize them , but it would not 're boot ' a large portion of how a computer ( more specifically , an integrated circuit ) reboots has to do with moving charges basically , a combination of a resistor and a capacitor put between the power and ground rails give a slowly rising voltage this voltage is then set as the input to a switchable device ( like an inverter in cmos technology ) this allows one to create a logic signal ( which can then generate a pulse ) that says , " hey ! this circuit is powering up ! " the device can then sequence power up actions after this point the general idea is called power on reset so , you may flip some bits , but you probably would n't reboot in the manner you expect
1	however , mram is n't any good
1	holy shit , i have nf <> it sucks
5	ack , sorry , deleted the wrong one of the double posts the other is here ( http www reddit com r science comments i7ojw type <> diabetes in newly diagnosed can be c21muuw ) to restore the link ah yes , you 're right , that statement is too categorical he 's talking , i suppose , about reversing the recent increase i could n't find data for the uk , but diabetes in america has increased two fold since <> ( http www berkeleycitizen org image diabetes2 jpg )
1	processed fats and carbohydrates in excess will cause you to gain weight , but in moderate amounts not necessarily where is there evidence about poultry fat being very healthy ? i do agree with everything else though
1	" we have known that starvation is a good cure for diabetes if we introduced rationing tomorrow , then we could get rid of diabetes in this country " the last sentence is a bit surprising to me you 're not safe from diabetes just because you 're underweight , are you ?
6	that is really interesting
6	so the diet is " liquid diet drinks and non starchy vegetables " ? what does that mean , protein shakes and salads ?
1	even more evidence against the " omg sugar in our food is causing diabetes " camp it 's not sugar , it 's excess body fat diabetes rates are increasing because we 're getting fatter of course , eating sugar can help you gain weight , no doubt about it however , a diet high in fat can do that too , and perhaps more effectively edit wow , i get down voted every time i say this , and i have no idea why please inform me as to the root cause
1	were i to downvote you , it would be because you do n't seem to understand nutrition very well processed fats and carbs will cause you to gain weight unprocessed fats are actually very healthy , poultry fat in particular something that is labeled low fat often has a lot of processed carbs , nor are carbohydrates satiating like fat , so you eat more not that i think carbs should be demonized either , but i think it 's time to bury the myth that fat is bad for you nutritionally , you 're probably better off with a diet high in natural fats than a diet high in processed carbs
6	so i'm safe to eat excess bacon ? mmmmmmmmmmm bacon
6	i like to read peer reviewed journal articles in parts of my spare time and much of my assignments in undergrad ( as a nutrition major ) were based on peer reviewed research rather than ordinary websites i certainly agree though that the jargon is difficult to understand when approaching new territory research methodology and study designs not to mention the biases and confounding are what make or break some studies i learned about them in my epidemiology in public health class , it really only covered the surface a phd student would be better versed in study design and critiquing individual studies some of the books i have read whether on sports nutrition , alan aragon 's " girth control , " and " the china study " have always opened with explanations on various study designs so it seems knowing their strengths and weaknesses is vital in interpreting research some examples are descriptive vs analytical vs experimental or research reviews & meta analyses i think before trying to delve into peer reviewed research it 's important to get a good foothold of study designs so you know the general outline of how the study was conducted the best peer reviewed journal for nutrition research would have to be the american journal of clinical nutrition i just ca n't love it enough check it out if you have access
1	i have heard about the " french paradox " , but do you know of any peer reviewed journal articles that support the healthfulness of poultry fats ?
4	yea that is a lot better probably cheaper than muscle milk as well
4	i agree , i try to not eat anything that comes in a box or wrapper , except my special k protein cereal love nuts , although things like peanuts and sunflower seeds do have carbs
8	sadly , those eyes could not even read compound eyes cannot focus properly to reliably detect and decode symbols regardless , they are powerful , awesome , and aesthetically amazing
7	i'm impressed someone could walk by that rock and observe anything more than some crust on the surface
4	precisely which environmental factors are we talking about ? so far , few of the titles on the subject mention the most crucial detail about what they mean by environment it 's stuff like that which gives the anti vaccination types a crack to gain a foothold personally , as someone who buys into evolutionary psychology , i think its about time we took the in utero approach to a lot of why our traits vary so widely
1	dammit bones what environmental factors ? ? ?
7	biosphere evolution opportunity !
2	you see what you 've done here is unequivocally reveal your monumental stupidity
1	who axed you computer ?
5	sorry but loony toons tells me different
4	ice nine i tell you
1	contaminate the surface with the stuff underneath crazy that 'll never happen ! now if you 'll excuse me i'm going to take a dip in the gulf of mexico i mean yellowstone river or fuck it i 'll hike on through alberta actually , whatev i was n't using any of that stuff anyhow it 's got nothing to do with mmeeeeee
1	unlikely , we know jack shit about the marine life we might be destroying and if companies start exploiting resources there , you can be damn sure any new research in the area will be kept off the table for at least a few years
6	<> deep ? might as well be on the moon
1	hurry u s !
6	i read the headline and knew immediately that it could n't i do n't even have to read the article dredging the ocean floor for minerals is fantasy
1	china we have all these precious metals ! nyah nyahhh usa we got mud , bitch !
8	oceans must be " raped " we know jack about our <> of planet oceans chastity belt must be broken
7	thank god ! that is sure a load off of my chest i had been stewing about that one for months
8	average depth of the pacific ocean about <> meters so , good luck with that
1	right because nothing could possibly go wrong with this it would be inconceivable that a gang of corner cutting capitalists would ever , say , contaminate the pacific ocean with toxic chemicals never
2	sneaky
4	being in an industry that is greatly affected by this , anything that cab loosen china 's monopoly on this is good news
4	nice try japan
4	i like how the headline is supposed to present this as a positive when in reality it should be something more like " get ready to rape the ocean even harder "
4	great now we just have to dig up the pacific ocean
6	does something that we can find lying around in mud at the bottom of the sea really count as " hi tech " ?
4	thx that makes sense
4	i have a huge bag of rice i take that bag and run through your house throwing rice in all directions it 's a bitch to pick it up , but its fucking everywhere
4	this line of thread has made me feel infinitely better
5	yea , to bad we do n't just build a thorium rector , and you know make electricity with it
6	rare like diamonds
1	you 're just being a dyck
4	there 's a subreddit for that ? awesome !
1	or fuck it i 'll hike on through alberta without specifying the region , this is a ridiculous example alberta is around the size of texas and the vast majority is farmland or forests you 'd have to specifically visit the fort macmurray area to see environmental effects from oilsands operations
5	sorry , what is the point of your previous two comments in this thread ? they have little to no relevance whatsoever unless i'm missing some larger point you 're trying to make , you appear to just be spitting out random information
5	wikipedia is accurate in the sense that we can only speak authoritatively based on evidence we have in hand there might be concentrated deposits of ree 's , and there might be a porsche <> in my garage under all those boxes given the what we 've seen so far , they 're sparsely distributed , and my garage contains only boxes of crap
7	oh , thank you for your extensive analysis and debunking of my statement i should have thought things through more thoroughly you have surely shown me the error of my ways
8	thankfully most of the ocean floor is actually pretty barren most of the life lives in the shallow areas
1	so , this is an excuse to fuck up the ocean floor ?
2	i just watched andromeda strain again yesterday , freaky
4	i like this part " would not have any environmental impact so long as the acids are not dumped in the ocean " the instance they sad that you knew that this is what will happen every <> <> month if this becomes common practice
1	permit me to call bullshit on this story 's premise that china has a monopoly , which is the propaganda implication that is the reason for the article ( ie " fear china , peasants ! " ) there are plenty of rare earth metal mines in the us and other countries these were shut down because the chinese government was massively underpricing the metals to gain market share and undermine other operations partly this was financed with dollars from the trade imbalance , but also because human life is worthless in china and there are no mining safety standards enforced and wages are nothing , when the workers are paid at all as opposed to being drafted as part of a prison sentence for being a dissident
2	scumbag resources appear rare actually abundant
4	have fun !
4	awesome , we are going to start sucking up the bottom of the ocean , this should go quite well i think
6	how does this get to the top page reddit ?
4	yeah , dig it up !
8	before china started major production , most of the world 's supply of rare earths came from the mountain pass mine ( http en wikipedia org wiki mountain pass rare earth mine ) in between las vegas and la we have to give credit to the us and california legislatures several years ago they saw these chinese restrictions coming and moved to help get mountain pass open again i have n't seen any news recently , but they 're supposed to be resuming mining this year the world demand for rare earths is a lot bigger now than the last time that mine was open , so hopefully they 'll be able to ramp up production quickly
2	does the documentary have a title ? edit sorry that was n't supposed to come of like a dick
4	exactly and pretty quick the cost is <> what it would be to just get res from china if you could get it from them at all that deep sea cost gets passed down the supply chain to end products , and pretty quick most of the things you thought you could n't live without that depend on re ( like any green or high tech ) suddenly are n't so necessary , compared to , say , putting food on the table or a roof over your head at inflation ravaged prices you already ca n't afford or it ends up being cheaper to buy the finished good from a chinese company which gets the majority of the margin then and still has access to the cheaper domestic source this will probably even be the reality when the dollar eventually stops being the world reserve currency net result us re consuming industries gets starved out of existence and china 's industries and economy grows ( they have most of the supply chain so most of the profit margins at each link stay in country ) btw that was part of the plan ( china 's plan ) all along in getting folks to outsource their factories over there at some point monopolizing both raw materials and manufacturing would squeeze the west completely out of all technological progress and economic gain it 's pretty much how the us became a superpower but , who knows , a miracle could occur
4	that 's a good point digging through water is very difficult , as the hole keeps filling up as soon as you empty it it 's also difficult for workmen to get a good footing on an aqueous surface
8	true total rationality is inhuman total rationality is the religion of the psychopath total rationality views everything , even human life , along the lines of a risk reward ratio leading to the accomplishment of greater things stalinists are rational even nazi 's could be said to be perfectly ' rational ' however , even the most coldly rational society would consider the integrity of the environment , if not the highest value , at least a value to defend
1	that 's insane that 's like saying a rational person would n't care about anything that would n't harm them this week that 's the behaviour of a junkie , not a rational being the problem with obscure tree frogs going extinct is that the trauma being inflicted on the world 's ecosystems is not limited to obscure tree frogs and you know it the oceans are emptying out , we 've annihilated more species in <> years than the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs , we dump radioactive waste into the sea in lead containers and ignore the fact that if anyone 's around in <> , <> years that shit will still need to be cleaned up , our agricultural model is completely unsustainable , all of the world 's deserts are expanding at rapid rates , climate change has reached a point where we can no longer stop it from happening , there 's a patch of floating garbage in the pacific the size of texas , and this isn ' t about tree frogs it 's about the destructive forces of capital and the state
1	mine all things ! ! !
4	you use this comment sarcastically , but that 's essentially the issue the us does n't control the oceans , so if another country wanted to ' rape ' their section of ocean , they 're free to do just that the free market is awesome
2	this is a piss poor analogy " no it is not
6	so you admit it 's not barren ? difficult to tell from that rant and do you accept that the increased turbidity from mining would spread over a vast area ? or does that not fit your denial ?
2	the capitalist society is like a junkie irrational , in denial , suicidal , out of control , unable to cease its destructive practices to deny this is to live in a laughable childish fantasy yourself in high school would have done well to continue questioning the dogma of capital
1	well ocean floor , have fun being raped
4	on the pacific floor this is going to end well
8	flood the market
7	ha ! about the same !
8	i think you 're confused but i'm not positive on which part
4	ladders work quite nicely as well plus they give you a way of going up and down
1	automated minecarts will work but for that we need gold lots of gold !
1	and when lacking pressure , you can inject shit in the well to make up for it injecting water into a metal mine will just blow your pumps
4	thank you japan ! ! !
4	you 're right on this there was a big rare earth mining operation in the california until china came in with rock bottom prices in the <> ( i think ) now that everyone 's noticing the importance of rare earths in high tech devices , they 're looking to re open that mine canada has a rare earth mine in the works in the northwest territories as well
5	this will not end well
1	rape the oceans even moar !
1	pretty barren note weasel word " pretty " in other words , it 's not there is life throughout the ocean except for maybe dead zones created by humans and their fertiliser run off and it 's all part of a huge ecosystem besides , massive plumes of mud created by mining the ocean floor would travel much further than the immediate zone around the mine and lab tests show the deposits can be simply removed by rinsing the mud with diluted acids , a process that takes only a couple of hours and , say the authors , would not have any environmental impact so long as the acids are not dumped in the ocean oh , yeah mining company acid ocean there 's no way that could ever go wrong let 's just fucking nuke the planet and get it over with
5	sorry you 're getting downvoted by people who seem to think oil beneath the surface is the same as oxides already mixed in with the muck at the bottom ( and on the surface of ) of the ocean
4	right and for capital , virtually any risk is acceptable as long as it does n't threaten the capacity to turn a profit , and any sufficiently large reward will outweigh any potential risks , which is why capitalism is a dangerously insane destructive force which needs to be eliminated as soon as possible
4	fuck duke !
5	like mountain top removal for coal people who think that is a good idea care nothing for anyone
6	i found this interesting , did a quick wiki search , some scrolling and ended up here ( http en wikipedia org wiki rare earth element global rare earth production ) if i had been feeling a bit lazier , i might have wished someone else had posted a link and saved me the effort , so there you go
7	but if we all buy a prius we 'll save the world !
4	good points , but i'm really hoping seaquest happens in real life
1	dragnet the fuck outta that floor yeah !
4	that 's actually a good marketing ploy i think we should sell steaks the same way
4	awesome
2	and you 're done
4	yes
2	worst orangered ever
1	well fuck , i guess the song just sucks then
6	but where 's the booty popping ?
1	somehow this music would be more approrpriate ( http www youtube com watch ? v v5bydhzbfla ) considering all the workshop tools porn
7	the cymbal was an amazing sight !
6	that dog !
1	goddam i hate linkbacks in blog attribution
1	cymbal here wtf asshole ? ! ?
2	i was n't calling reddit a circle jerk i said he had to go through a circle jerk , as he started in reddit , and ended up , through several steps , back at reddit for the answer anything can be a circle jerk
2	everything includes parent sex ?
5	thank you , i felt like i'm taking crazy pills
5	i thought it was going to be a <> shot of the vibrations of the human eye i was disappointed
5	i did the same ! o i kept waiting for the shot of the eye to show up , but then the video ended and i read the title again , and again in my defense , i'm tired !
4	yeah , that was cool you could see the shape of the sound nice
1	you 're right you know what ? fuck the dslrs and the red camera everyone should get a phantom
1	do n't forget about those crabs ! someone has to go grab them crabs ! it 's deadly !
4	every time i see a slow motion video , i have to check and see if the price has come down to something affordable everything looks amazing in slow motion
8	this man deserves far more upvotes for having to go through this circle jerk thank you !
7	thanks much , you saved me time and effort today
1	stop calling reddit a circle jerk
4	agreed it was painful ironically , i ff 'd through most of it just to get to the slow motion
4	yeah but they like heheheh slap each other and stuff heheheheh its so coooooool
4	i love seeing the bass guitar strings under the strobe
5	i liked the cymbal and the dog have you ever seen a super slow mo replay of a golfer hitting a drive ? the club vibrates so much it looks like it 'd be hard to hold on to
5	i was expecting something more impressive
5	i totally expected that link would bring me to a video about microsaccades the vibrations of the eye that we 're not aware of , but without them , photoreceptors would adapt and we would be effectively blind is it wrong i'm a little disappointed ?
5	too bad no one has a monitor that can display <> fps
4	everything looks cool at <> , <> fps
1	the cymbal was the only thing cool ? nothing else really vibrated or at maybe my beast eyes have been seeing vibrations this whole time and everyone else 's mortal eyes are inferior to mine
4	further proof that i will enjoy almost anything shot at high speed and slowed down
1	discovery has no time nowadays to be making shows about unseen micro vibrations when there are swamp logs that need to be hauled !
6	used to ? seriously discovery ?
1	no no noooooo ! ! ! ! ! !
4	you are correct
5	i was bored last night , did n't want to watch a bunch of anime on adult swim , so i switched to discovery swamp log marathon " we 're not going to make the goal of <> shipments ! " " we barely made it " next episode " we 're falling way behind ! " " we caught up " snore
2	what ? am i not entitled to think that the song in the background is terrible ? i watched it on mute after i got <> seconds into it if i watched that a few times , yeah , i would need speakers that song is a treble filled disaster
1	great video but that music in the background is fucking grating
2	what an verbose title for a slow motion video
1	what is fluke trying to sell here ?
6	was there a video posted similar to this , must have been a while ago , of a guy plucking cello strings ? they looked like wet flappy spaghetti as he was plucking them , but it did n't appear to be slowed down footage just really clear , i guess anyone ?
4	everything is interesting in super slow mo
4	i love it when albums are available on bandcamp it 's such a nice way to preview and then acquire music thanks for the link !
6	what ? no dildos ?
4	wow ! i didnt know that things that vibrate are covered in water ! amazing what you can see when you slow things down to <> frames per second !
6	that is simply amazing !
6	oh god i first read that as booty pooping was was like
4	this is relevant to my interests
3	the comment section got a little scary though
1	wtf steve , we said land was off limits !
6	fish out of water ! fish out of water !
6	funny , it costs <> <> euros here in germany which would be about <> <> us dollars why do companies refrain from converting prices ?
2	of course top gear does n't actually think that hence " disingenuous " the problem is when people cite this comparison as though it makes any sense at all in practical terms then , suddenly , a humorous take on measuring car performance numbers becomes really not funny at all
2	only a fool would predict the future so optimistically
1	why do we want cars to not run on petrol ? unless we have enough clean electricity to power <> of people 's vehicles its kind of moot you 're just moving that pollution out of town to a coal plant somewhere plus power plants are generally only around <> thermal efficient , then you have transmission line losses , then you have battery charger losses then at the very end you have the actually efficiency of the battery not to mention the coal mining process on the other hand you could pump fuel out of the ground , refine it , and then put it on trucks and then into your vehicle which can very easily be at <> efficiency not saying this is better , but i do n't think it can be that much worse
4	i find myself more optimistic about the electric vehicle 's prospects i think if we can improve battery life enough to drive <> miles , plus create a " refueling " scenario that takes under <> minutes , then we have a winner i have strong hopes that , in our lifetimes , gasoline and diesel powered vehicles will be relegated to collector status only aircraft , on the other hand , are so sensitive to weight that battery technology ( as we understand it ) may never really apply
2	i do n't care about those folks , i want something for me , and the average driver http www teslamotors com models specs <> miles available in <> you 're welcome was in response to " a typical gas car " not a high end performance car
4	sure the cars themselves will become zero emission units , however , the coal burning power plant producing the electricity will be belching nasty emissions at unprecedented rates the problem with this tiresome argument is that it looks at " upstream " emissions of electric cars , but not at upstream emissions of gasoline the amount of energy ( largely electricity ) it takes to refine one gallon of gasoline could move an ev about <> miles also the energy used to truck gasoline to thousands of service stations handily exceeds the equivalent for evs charging via wire ( <> to <> efficient ) so you 're essentially driving an ev already you 're just burning lots of gasoline at the same time oh , and all those old coal plants are baseload ( coal plants adjust too slowly to follow power demand ) baseload means they already run at full output all the time so unless we build more of them , plugging in evs does n't change coal pollution it sure does change petroleum pollution , though
2	please do n't quote the " top gear " argument against electric cars because it is exceptionally narrowminded and foolish for example , moving all the pollution to one site is a better thing we can control filter and or capture the pollution at one site , and future advancements may be able to help reduce the pollution at one site it would be inefficient , expensive and harder to get everyone with a gas car to fit new filters on to do a similar capture filter job or consider a future where nuclear fission and renewables are in abundance cars still burning gas ? still polluting , but cars on electric ? nothing ever changed for them and the energy is cleaner and safer to produce you are building for the future , not today the future that if <> , <> or <> years away when these cars will still be running in <> , <> or <> years , our countries could be running so much more power plants on renewable or nuclear power then the payoff of electric cars really kicks in
4	if you had even read what was already written in this thread , you 'd notice i already hit that point edit if the m3 was leading , it probably would have lapped the prius more than once
5	sorry , bad habit on my part thanks to a primary language that do not use ' , the difference between the two slip by me
2	i do n't think it 's legal in the us after all sulphur is deamon related
4	interesting i did not realise they were that far along have this kind of system also would be good for the environment as all the battery packs are managed by a third party they wo n't just end up in land fills when used up
1	well that 's shitty even if you walled the battery compartment off thick and bought your passengers at least a few minutes to get out of the car , every car accident would almost invariably leading to cars getting totaled via battery fire , multi car pileups could turn into local incidents fairly easily , roads would be damaged compounding this is the fact that li fires produce lioh , naoh , and koh as a by product of the reaction , all of which are highly caustic materials and are quite literally sprayed a few feet around the fire violently really it seems that the only way we 're going to get lithium battery cars is if we all start spending a lot of money on copper metal extinguishers
3	die in a battery fire , you fear mongering ass
4	i smell a business opportunity
4	yes , but is n't the idea behind battery advances to get everybody off of petrol ? if the threshold for acceptance is " everyone " , then we 're going to have to wait a while i'm quite happy with every advance getting more people off of petrol
4	i 'd be more than happy with a pure electric with a range of <> miles i 'd simply keep my <> year old , dirt cheap to insure jeep cherokee around for the few times a year i need it , and use the electric as an in town runabout for the <> of my needs it meets
4	good page shows how important it is to take large sources of energy very seriously so yes , much safer , but you cannot make something powerful enough to move a car around completely safe of course , a short circuited battery , any battery , will generate a lot of heat , which will lead to anything flammable around it catching fire however , you 'll notice from the picture there that the battery itself , while badly burned on one end , is still mostly intact it did not explode the way a compromised li co battery , or a compromised gasoline tank would this is what makes it a much safer technology
2	your ' joke ' contained misinformation fox news is a ' joke ' too , but still calls for rebuttal , since too many take these ' jokes ' seriously
4	i'm really glad to see that come to a conclusion both of you provided evidence for your side , while keeping the childish insults minimal well played , we should see more of these on reddit
4	i think he was referring to the fact the article came across as saying lithium batteries could n't power cars at all , which is incorrect what it should have said was that the technology could produce lithium batteries that would work better and be more powerful for cars
4	actually many cancers are very curable , the problem is people think of cancer as a singular illness when it is in fact a grouping of hundreds of different diseases there is no cure for cancer , just like there is no cure for bacterial infection as a whole each variation requires a different treatment and some are more effective than others
5	well , it takes ten years or more to turn promising research into treatments if you expect that process to happen over the weekend ( because let 's be honest , you do n't actually remember cancer research breakthroughs that were mentioned on reddit before last weekend ) , of course you will be disappointed
2	a perfect battery wo n't solve anything electric cars need electricity electricity has to be generated currently , and with few exceptions , it is generated by burning oil or coal we do n't have enough energy of any sort left to make a transition to solar , wind , fill in the blank with your favorite plants and infrastructure unless everyone in the " developed " world cuts their energy use very dramatically
4	every " breakthrough " science post reading title awesome ! this changes everything ! reading the comments sniffle sniffle oh well maybe next year sniffle
4	no idea what any of that mumble jumbo means , but , good
1	who the fuck would downvote this ? how could anyone see this as bad ?
5	too bad these technologies are owned by a <> different companies combine them into one product , and you 'd change the world , but that 's illegal
6	electric cars ? ? ? what about my smartphone ?
2	awwww how i love " could , would , should , might " kind of news cancer and aids would be cured , we would be flying cars amazing life we 'd be having if half of them actually came true i'm basically saying that could would should might news should be better kept of from being posted , because they 're almost always a false hope and a waste of time for readers
2	lol , i always thought the lyric was " have you ever seen the rain , comin ' down , in such a state ? "
2	have you ever been mellow ?
5	ow meme crossing brain breakage that 's like crossing the beams in ghostbusters and yes , i realize i just made it worse for myself with that thought
8	in theory , they want the freedom in practice , they live normal lives consisting of a predictable daily commute and for that once or twice per year , rent an ice car and drive to the beach or grandma 's or whatever
5	the sad part is , they all do honda , toyota , ford , chevy , even subaru they just do n't sell them in the us because ca emissions is so heavily biased against diesel
4	great , so you have a crappy car you ca n't justify replacing ) i just found that the jetta , in <> little ways , was a poorly thought out , noisy vehicle that ( for me ) died way too soon to justify its considerable premium in up front cost
4	agreed but yeoldjim was basically saying " who cares ? " about battery advances , because the current models have " plenty " of distance
2	thanks for your input crazy homeless moron
2	no kidding every wreck becomes a hazmat scene that makes sponging up some spilled gas look like nothing
4	thanks for that yeah , definitely looks pretty sketchy they claim a test flight is supposed to occur on oct <> of this year , but judging by their history it seems doubtful this will actually happen still , i 'll make a note on my calendar just in case , remind myself to follow up on it then
4	i do n't agree that the prius looks like shit ( though i do not own one ) , and generalizing the prius owner base like that is silly we do n't all think those sports cars or big suv 's are pretty , some of us consider functionality to be the most important , such as a quiet car that burns little fuel
6	how can it be your favorite thing if it 's never happened ?
4	e paper was a big one for me i read the scientific articles and a few years later i had a kindle go scientific process !
4	there have been breakthroughs in this area too but have n't been used in consumer applications yet but i mean , cars like the nissan leaf charge up to <> capacity in <> minutes still not even close to as fast as gas but , the battery technology is constantly moving forward i imagine it wo n't be too many more years when getting an <> charge takes as little as <> minutes , and with increased battery capacity from breakthroughs like this , that <> minute <> charge could be <> miles worth interstate travel would be feasible , these cars would be quite a bit more reliable than gas cars and cheaper to drive , there will be a mass exodus to electric cars and i will be happy , because there will be more gasoline for me <> well until they start making really cool electric performance cars
5	you can if you connect them to hvac lines it would be a nightmare for the controllers though , having to deal with current spikes
4	have you ever seen a lithium battery on fire ? glad i could help
2	touch ) but the efficiency of power plants vs car engines is not even a contest takes more energy to move a car using the engine and that 's not even considering the heavier weight of the engine in addition , power plant emissions are cleaner so it 's dirty , just not as dirty regardless , greener sources of energy are growing in proportion so your car gets powered more and more by hydro , wind , and solar
4	or you could buy a cheaper car ( <> ) and then you 'd own a cheaper car you do n't buy a tesla to save money they 're quite feasible for their ( high end ) market
8	dude , the wealthy drive technological innovation
4	many people are happy to blow similar amounts of money on performance cars that they drive around ordinarily , never even utilizing the available performance they might as well spend that money on something like this that will push the industry in a more productive direction
4	it 's been at least a month since i 've read about another breakthrough battery technology
5	it 's sorry the grammar nazi in me is screaming
8	it 's never too early to crush a dream
4	yes they have even though the material maintains a high specific capacity over <> cycles , wang and co say the capacity drops by <> per cent in the process
4	yup exactly this the battery industry is pretty secretive the article makes it sound like the cells may not have a high cycle life , and the issue of reacting with electrolytes could be an issue that is neglecting the problem of economical graphene production if anything , it will be an incremental improvement in cells that few will notice
4	what is this " everything else ? " i have n't driven more than <> miles in a day in probably <> years
2	so i then end up with a rack of batteries that have been abused by some redneck " maker 's " attempt a creating a quick charger ? no thanks
2	while this is interesting , it took me some time to sound out most of the title
4	yay ! <> years from now as i'm still stuck driving my gas guzzling beast i 'll remember this momentous occasion
2	there 's a reason i have n't renewed my subscription to technology review i got tired of reading feel good bullshit articles like this one fta " if it all works out ( and that 's a significant ' if ' ) your next car could be powered by li s batteries "
5	unfortunately it 's also terrible at cornering
1	no i'm talking record breaking drag times why is n't there an electric car that can hit <> mph in under <> seconds ? they certainly have not " buried the ice " when it comes to drag racing
5	i did n't imply that you had n't , merely that most people do n't rent a convertible for a short <> hour trip i certainly could n't afford to do so
2	i disagree loads of people want to be able to drive more than <> miles sometimes not daily people need to visit family , friends , take vacations , camping trips , visit prospective campuses , etc , and most just like having the ability to travel , the freedom be angry or hate it or whatever you want , it simply is the case
1	because some people care about family ? god damn man , are you stupid ?
6	funny enough , not one you often see
5	of course , sandia and the manufacturers want to prevent all possible dangers but , orendorff asserts , consumers forget that no car is completely hazard proof lithium ion batteries may have a higher chance of igniting than , say , standard lead acid batteries , but the chances of flammability are far less than what you have in a combustion vehicle that is carrying <> gallons of gasoline onboard ( http www scientificamerican com article cfm ? id charge under control ) please do n't fall into a nirvana argument trap the chance of lithium ion batteries catching fire in a collision is far less then the chance of gasoline igniting
5	like tears
2	yeah it 's no fun it 's annoying that a123 got tons of federal money to open a battery plant here in the states , and yet the only way for consumers to get their batteries is off the asian gray market i 've found asian companies are usually willing sell in much smaller quantities straight out the factory even if they state moq at like <> , <> units
4	great blade runner reference
1	have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight ?
4	i agree with the sentiment , but not so much the context you 've used it you 're essentially saying that renewables and fission are not our future sources for energy ? and switching to renewables and fission will not happen within <> years ?
1	well of course a leaf will be more efficient than an m3 , the leaf does n't use any petrol at all !
1	which is useful , but then most electric cars can only hold about <> miles of that energy , and the price of the " tank " is astronomically higher however , the price of fuel is astronomically lower ( a gallon of gas , on a hybrid , good for about <> miles , is <> where i live <> kilowatt hours , which should get at least that if not double , will come out to <> <> <> <> , depending on time of day ( electricity is nearly half price at night ) ) as such , the day someone makes a battery that gets decent charge cycles on a total range of at least <> miles , the internal combustion engine is straight up fucked however , until then , we 're stuck with them
1	oil is too expensive to make electricity less than <> of electricity is currently made that way coal is about half the electricity on the grid the rest of what 's on the grid is cleaner stuff the good news here is that coal plants are baseload this means they already run at full output all the time you ca n't make them run any faster by plugging in evs so coal pollution should n't appreciably change , while petroleum pollution heads towards zero
4	they can use gas too , just like the volt it 's going to be long , long time before there are electric cars capable of <> day road trips in the meantime while research continues to be done , while infrastructure is improved there is a perfectly reasonable fallback the real goal right now is to make an electric car in which the battery charge can fully cover your daily commute that alone would reduce oil usage by cars in this country by <>
2	i 've got it in my head that the average us commuter drives <> <> miles per day we need to convince most of those folks ( myself included ) to switch to electric the problem is that not many can afford to have a car that only commutes and a car to do everything else especially using battery technology that degrades horribly with charge cycles and will be expensive to replace so unless reducing costs makes the car cost as much as a nice bicycle , you are better off buying a dinosaur burning global warmer
4	which is useful , but then most electric cars can only hold about <> miles of that energy , and the price of the " tank " is astronomically higher uh , what ? " most " electric cars have about a <> mile range and they will probably all settle on about that range because more range than that is simply not worth it consumers will buy a car with the range they need , and <> miles is the most the vast majority needs in fact , most need less than that , but <> miles seems to be the sweet spot which is why that 's what they 're settling on some manufacturers might end up with tiered options like the model s , but when consumers are given a choice between a reasonably priced base model with <> mile range , and an upgraded model which costs an extra <> grand for <> or <> miles , they 'll get the base model , because you really do not need more than <> miles worth of range , and on the rare occasion that you do , you 'll charge mid drive or figure out some other way of dealing with it can you show me a single all electric car on the market or planned to come out in the next year or two which holds <> miles worth of range ? the only one is the volt , and it 's not all electric even the ev1 got <> <> miles , and that was on lead acid , which nobody in the world is going to use now as such , the day someone makes a battery that gets decent charge cycles on a total range of at least <> miles , the internal combustion engine is straight up fucked the tesla gets <> miles on a charge , the model s will get <> for the base model i know a guy who has had an electric car for two years and has over <> miles on it , and his gets <> to a charge , and after <> charge cycles including many in brutal winter cold , his battery still works just fine and today 's electric cars , just a couple years later , have much better heat management which should make batteries last a lot longer the only reason the internal combustion engine is n't fucked right now is because people do n't realize that they can , currently , live with an electric car it takes a tiny bit of adjustment , but this adjustment is by no means all negative for example , i have never had to stop at a gas station in my electric car , it 's just magically full every morning when i wake up
4	i think we do n't need to give up freedom or utility either the technology or infrastructure just needs to progress we 're gettin ' closer all the time it 's an exciting time i ca n't wait to ditch the ice forever
2	u s pricing for the tesla model s ( with a <> mile range ) will start at <> , <> after a <> , <> federal tax credit the <> mile range variant will cost an additional <> , <> , while the <> mile range variant will cost an extra <> , <> final pricing figures will be announced this summer that 's <> , <> for <> mile range or you could buy a cheaper car ( <> ) and spend <> on gas , and pocket the other thirty thousand dollars they 're not available feasible for the common driver
4	right , i suppose my comment was misleading i was just trying to point out that graphene hidden amongst graphite does exist naturally
4	interesting , any other examples ? specifically , i am interested if any of the more complex stuff has leaked into the consumer market behind my back a quick google reveals that tio2 is a naturally occurring compound
6	this should push the thunderbolt to six whole hours !
4	that 's sweet
2	uncleal 's comment this is not snit
5	what annoys me about this is that even if this proves to be the best idea ever , we 'll have to wait at least like five years for it to be implemented in anything
4	why are all these article the same ? they are always in <> parts start ) breakthrough ! ! <> ! middle ) much work ahead end ) if they are lucky
7	finally , some progress
4	the lithium in a battery is as harmless as the sodium in table salt interesting
3	li co is more dangerous , but i 've still seen lifepo4 and li mn fires
6	that was shocking
2	considering the amount of gasoline in use every day it would appear to be extremely safe i guess when there 's as many lithium battery cars driving around as there are gas powered cars we 'll have some idea of relative safety keeping in mind my original post was a joke
1	so , once again reddit has no sense of humor okay , i 'll respond as if this was a serious post have you ever seen gasoline explode ? yes , i have gasoline is designed to be stable and burn at a relatively low temperature to make it explode requires a very specific set of conditions that very seldom occur during a automobile collision not to mention gasoline fires are relatively easy to extinguish by trained fire crews gasoline burns at <> degrees c lithium at <> , <> degrees c a nice little story http findarticles com p articles mi m0ubt is <> <> ai n6280925 my favorite part " the pallet was inadvertently dropped onto the tarmac , and a battery fire resulted , despite there being no external ignition source " we already deal with inherent dangers in our vehicles , a burning battery is n't much worse sorry , but bullshit
1	that is an examle of your favorite thing inductive chargers suck ass
7	damn , that 's awesome is that in production at all ? how much does it cost ? could n't find any pricing on the website
1	thank you for wasting my time
2	i literally ca n't respect any post that says gr phene
2	nonsense our energy use is not the issue at all we ( the world collectively ) use a tiny fraction of the energy available to us what we need to do is improve our methods of extracting that energy into usable forms cutting energy use is not going to promote this only energy scarcity will do that
1	well , if anyone will get off their ass and figure it out , it 's the semiconductor people but i suspect we 'll need stuff like this for batteries on a shorter timescale than <> years from now
2	at <> g or <> kg ( http www cheaptubesinc com graphene oxide htm ) its even more expensive than printer ink not sure there is anything more expensive
1	you 're wasting your own time , do n't blame me edit get to work
4	nice
1	oh im not the one that gives a shit
1	hello ! ! ! the original post was a joke is this thing on ? hello !
4	this is very much correct cogman10 other consumer products that use nano particles include things like thermalpaste ( ie arctic silver <> ) which uses nano silver nano silver is also used as an anti bacterial coating on medical instruments , etc
1	no
1	your post is full of terrible grammar and spelling
1	i think a lot of people would find it less annoying if the person actually replied to the content of their comment and not just their mistake they can still slip in the correction at the end but it sucks to see you have a reply and it just turns out to be a " ftfy " grammar comment
1	i do n't think it 's about helping people learn the rules it 's about encouraging people to use them in this forum as i sed n mi pervius cawmint ' its bout perventing dis
3	zing ! obama
1	because it fucks up the weight balance is one reason even the tesla roadster is absolutely terrible at cornering , especially compared to the lotus elise it 's based on hopefully as new vehicles are built around the technology , such as the citroen survolt , that problem will be worked out
5	modern battery chemistrie s are relatively non toxic ( e g nimh and li ion ) quote from nema http www nema org gov ehs committees drybat " spent consumer lithium batteries are not hazardous wastes because they are neither toxic nor reactive consumers routinely dispose of these batteries commingled with other garbage in the municipal solid waste stream spent consumer lithium batteries disposed in this manner do not pose environmen tal or safety hazards thus , there is no need to require the collection and recycling of spent consumer lithium batteries for the purposes of environmen tal protection " sadly , the same cannot be said for petroleum products and coolant , all of which are indeed toxic
5	perhaps a very long term goal , but currently a pipe dream in the nearer term , getting any significant portion of vehicles off fossil fuel is beneficial , and arguably doable for some applications and in some areas , the properties of petroleum make it the obvious choice then you have to consider that china and india are building coal plants and opening coal mines at increasing rates the use of fossil fuels is going to linger for a long time we wo n't stop using them until we have to hard to say when that will occur
4	not sure why people are downvoting you you had a bad experience with your car , that would leave me reason to not be a fan of it i got <> banger engine that does n't appear to be dying too soon any problems have been small , even when they seemed catastrophic , and fortunately there are a lot of dedicated jetta owners posting on forums i google my problems , go to a forum , and often have a detailed step by step with pictures for something i would never have known how to fix vw right now is expensive , though on top of that i am someone that never intends to buy a brand new car , so i guess it works out differently for me as is , i would gladly purchase a new used jetta
2	i love how you talk about all the efficiency losses from power generation , and do n't say any of the same for gas if gas is so efficient , why do we not run our houses on gas power ? we all have cars , we could just run the car in the garage and connect it to the house , and power our house that way it would be way more efficient right ? ! except , no , that 's not how it works gas engines get something like <> efficiency , maximum and that 's from the gas already in the tank there are additional efficiency losses from extraction , refinement , and shipping , of course power plants also do not run at <> efficiency , that is a truly ridiculous number the whole point of generating in a plant is that you can get higher efficiency by using large , industrial generators rather than tiny gas engines you can also control emissions better at one smokestack than <> , <> tailpipes , and in addition having that pollution out of a city is a good thing , because it 's closer to less people the well to wheel efficiency of electric cars is tremendously greater than gas cars , even on <> coal but nearly nobody powers their house with <> coal , so your argument is basically nothing
2	yes for <> miles , max a typical gas car has a range of <> <> miles , with ubiquitous fill stations everywhere taking just <> minutes , not <> hours that 's one hell of a utility gap
6	wow , did n't expect this kind of heated response i apologize for breaking reddiquette however i do agree with the responses to this post i see correction posts constantly , and i feel like they help others learn written english how many of you wrote " definately " ? people typically do n't want to be ignorant , so i did n't see the harm in pointing him in the right direction
1	we must not allow a hope crushing comment gap !
7	that 's someone saying " here 's something that might work " this article is saying " hey , this works ! "
2	deamon ?
4	actually the jetta tdi is probably the most fuel efficient car ( excluding pure electrics ) when you consider embodied energy the prius is complex to manufacture since it has two drive trains , more or less a tdi can be tuned to get <> on the highway it 's mostly because diesels operate at a higher compression ratio and are inherently more efficient than otto cycle gasoline engines you can also use biodiesel in a tdi imho on efficiency renewability the best cars are nissan leaf if your driving pattern is short , routine , frequent commutes the leaf is built for the " standard los angeles commuter driving pattern " volkswagen jetta tdi if you need range or your driving pattern is infrequent , longer commutes you can use biofuels if you want and dispense with fossil petroleum entirely on cost the tdi wins
5	project better place already operates on this idea , but imo it will only work for fleet cars that can all run on a standard model since different car manufacturers use different batteries with different sizes ( getting everyone to agree on a standard battery is practically impossible ) see this recent link http green autoblog com <> <> <> better place to install <> battery swap stations in denmark by s aol comments
2	i 've done it my best memory was when my in town driving back and forth to work car was dull and not in great shape i rented a convertible to drive <> hours and back it was awesome you seriously do n't need to compromise the car you drive every day to allow for the occasional road trip obviously , if you 're a traveling salesman , the joke is on you
4	very cool i can imagine a car or battery manufacturer subleasing space at gas stations , malls , grocery stores , etc , to install swap stations and that other manufacturers will be compelled to standardize aaa could offer swap service , they send out a truck to you that can do the swap
4	you could call this ' fuel ' gasoline i kid , i kid
7	getting everyone to agree on a standard battery is practically impossible i'm looking at you gm !
5	as a happy tdi owner i approve this message , noting an exception on the use of biofuels in <> models the new clean diesel standards introduced more sensitive emission controls that do n't bode well to using biodiesel or waste veggie oil although there are some additives that say they help with biodiesel i'm still skeptical now
4	you and that site just got trolled obviously an m3 is n't as fuel efficient it 's top gear , for crying out loud
7	since graphene itself is so new this is truly a breakthrough as a result of another breakthrough sciiiience !
4	agreed i would buy a tdi type car if any other car maker built one but not vw hell no
5	it sounds like an electric car is just not going to work for you but someone in a different situation might like to own a virtually maintenance free car as a <> vehicle for the family , or as the daily commuter car , or a car for the kid that should make a lot of sense to people someday we might get everybody off gasoline , but that 's not going to happen anytime soon we need to take baby steps , and right now we 've almost just started to begin to crawl i do n't know where this idea that we 're going to switch everybody to electric is coming from , but it 's not from the electric car community i do n't think it 's going to be possible to wean everything off fossil fuel in my lifetime , some modes of transportation are just to energy intensive for any foreseeable battery technology to handle the only electric car you can really purchase today is the leaf , and it costs too much to fill one of those roles i mentioned above however , as a mass produced , mass marketed , name brand electric car that you can actually go out and buy ( almost ) , it is the first of it 's kind in the modern era so i would expect the costs to quickly come down once the car has competition in the marketplace
4	lithium battery fires are related to lithium cobalt batteries , not the types of batteries ( lithium manganese , or lithium iron ) commonly used in evs lithium cobalts are dangerous because they release their own oxygen while burning no other battery i know of does this a lithium iron battery can be punctured , and not only fail to ignite , but still go on producing current gasoline is designed to be stable and burn at a relatively low temperature to make it explode requires a very specific set of conditions same with battery vehicles except they are far , far less likely to burn or explode than a gasoline powered car gasoline burns at <> degrees c lithium at <> , <> degrees c there is no elemental lithium in ev batteries the lithium in a battery is as harmless as the sodium in table salt
4	it 's been at most a month since i 've read about another breakthrough battery technology
5	science is hard (
4	my favorite thing is to read about something in science and then read about it as a product several years later ( i lurked a long time before making an account ) in technology
2	i know people are cynical , but technologyreview is a serious source , and the amount of basic research being done is phenomenal people were mocking solar tech for a long time ( and still do ) , but we now have wholesale thin film cells for under <> <> per peak watt ( some say <> <> production cost ) , and joe sixpack can buy silicon panels for less than <> <> per watt , when a few years ago it was <> <> and a dollar was worth considerably more stuff like this is the future , even if you ca n't buy it right now
2	except that those long distances are still not long enough for mass consumer acceptance donno where they got the info about current capability though lithium based cells have a tendency to be damn impressive in that regard
4	http www teslamotors com models specs <> miles available in <> you 're welcome
1	yes upvote the guy who completely takes random statistics out of his ass
4	a lot of the time with emerging technology , the high end market will be targeted first the producers can get away with charging out the nose , giving them more money to play with and develop the technology further , eventually allowing them to create a product for the middle class while still making a profit the way i see it , the tesla and similar ev 's are not aimed at the average consumer , but should hopefully accrue enough global interest in the ev concept that more manufacturers and financial backers jump into the market , creating more competition , and hence better products at lower prices that is my hope anyway , and i am really excited about the future )
4	on average , can you agree that at the moment , the entire process of electric car vs petrol car is about the same in terms of energy efficiency ? it 's not electric cars have much higher well to wheel efficiency here 's one discussion on it , there are others elsewhere http en wikipedia org wiki tesla roadster energy efficiency everything else , of course , you 're right about
5	renewables and fission are not our future sources for energy they should be , but ahem little progress being genuinely made on that front in fact , we seem to be going backwards it reads to me a bit like a child saying " why ca n't everything be solar powered ! ? " and switching to renewables and fission will not happen within <> years ? i sense i may be a little older than you , but categorically no depressing , is n't it ?
8	i 'd love one ' cept i'm not a home owner i have no means to recharge it
2	not sure if i follow <> x <> <> , <> assuming you drove the same car for <> years ( many do not ) and spent <> on it ( average working class ) , you 're still <> , <> below the purchase price of a tesla , so you 'd still be losing <> , <> just by purchasing the car that 's not including the cost to recharge it for <> years and put a new battery in after <> ( which is very expensive ) have a <> car ? you 're still under <> have a <> car ? you 're still under <> if you 're spending <> on a car , you 're not the average driver
4	that 's awesome most of the country is n't you
1	to get off gas completely and rely upon electricity that predominantly comes from coal burning plants will simply move the pollution producing mechanism out of the end users sight sure the cars themselves will become zero emission units , however , the coal burning power plant producing the electricity will be belching nasty emissions at unprecedented rates presently , the single worst source of air pollution is coal burning power plants , http www ucsusa org clean energy coalvswind c01 html making all cars electric will simply transfer the pollution to somewhere the end user does n't see poof magic , pollution is gone , not so , unfortunately this is one very common effect at the science layman ( enduser ) interface the illusion of clean technology gets the layman geeked , however , the scientists know that these technologies do not necessarily reduce overall net pollution , and in most cases can increase the net pollution
4	sounds pretty darned good
2	i'm a big fan of the idea of the tdi i just refuse to buy vws since our jetta crapped out at <> , <> miles talk about inefficient this is an aspect of efficiency that is rarely considered how efficient would a prius be that only lasted , say , <> , <> miles before needing to be replaced ?
2	have you ever seen gasoline explode ? we already deal with inherent dangers in our vehicles , a burning battery is n't much worse
4	that 's another good one ! yeah !
1	are n't you a cunt
4	it would be perfect if the batteries were smaller the actual motor in an ev is tiny compared to a petrol engine , there 's usually little in the way of gears , no turbo , no exhaust or any of that stuff the space is all taken up by battery in the tesla it weighs <> plus , the battery gets hot when it discharges and needs a cooling system and that would make them more difficult to change i wonder if it would be possible to fill the battery with a liquid " fuel " that can be drained and recharged that would work nicely if the clever chemistry came about
2	such as replacing the battery every <> years ( by the way , that 'll be <> , <> ) tires ( yes still needed ) coolant ( yes the tesla has coolant ) brakes <> month for electricity there is n't as much maintenance , but there is still plenty of it , and some of it is very costly understand that i'm not against tesla , i wish i could have one , but , its a bit silly to think they 're saving us or ever will
4	thats awesome could you link some info on that ?
1	actually i was talking to the people who are " creeped out " , have smelled of their naval " gunk " , and the " clean your belly buttons " people just because it is there doesnt mean it is dangerous to us !
4	immediately upon reading this i picked the gunk out of my belly button and smelled it ( for science ) i can confidently say that my qualitative olfaction data does correspond with this article 's conclusion there is some seriously funky stuff growing down there
4	sounds like the kind of research that 's likely to win an ignobel prize first makes you laugh , then makes you think
1	clean your damn belly buttons people !
8	dont be idiots your body is normally the host of thousands of different bacteria most of it needed for good health its good for you just because " science " doesnt know about them doesnt mean they are bad for you they might be needed for your good health
3	ok , i'm officially creeped out gonna go wash out by belly button right now
4	has to be done , for science !
5	do n't jump to any conclusions yet , the data is still pretty fuzzy
8	yes , it does your cells deteriorate over the course of your life , and progressively lose their form and function your dna accumulates defects over time as well , both naturally and due to environmental hazards old age can lead to cancer , and in those cases you might say the person died of cancer , but the ultimate cause was old age
8	there are a few problems with that reasoning firstly people who predicted things like flying cars did it because the idea seemed cool , it was more for entertainment ( most notably back to the future and blade runner are fictional movies , but heaps of magazines did it to sell copies ) they did n't go out and conduct studies of aircraft engine developments and fuel efficiency over time to work out at what point it would be feasible to use them in a car they just said ' antigravity ' which was n't much more descriptive than ' magic ' and left it at that the other problem is they did n't factor in things like the actual usefulness demand feasibility economics if you get a fender bender in a flying car , your dead and so is anyone underneath you flying is much harder that driving , you would need total computer control would flying cars really help cut down short distance commutes when you have to take off and land ( even with some kind of vtol ) ? for longer distances flying cars are n't so useful as the roads are unlikely to be in much use and there are also airplanes what about the noise ? , all the technologies we have to keep a car up need to exert a downwards force on the air to counteract gravity , imagine a thousand jet planes flying past your office window all that air would need to be displaced so it 's going to be very windy below , you will be pushing on any cars underneath you too how exactly do you accelerate and turn without any friction ? superconducting magnets could allow for basically ' antigravity ' style cars which would get rid of noise air displacement but do n't help with that they actually did get quite a few predictions right too i have seem older predictions of the future for things like an ' atomic cookers ' ( we have the microwave oven without the radiation poison ) refrigeration people never think about the stuff that was gotten right if even <> of the singularity type stuff happens it 's going to involve some major changes if things do n't happen that that will be just as disruptive for example computers would have to stop getting faster cheaper energy efficient which would cause lots of the it industry to collapse how would google support growth if the harddrives do n't keep increasing in size their data centers would require dedicated nuclear power plants finally people now days are much better at predicting the future there are more scientific methods used there is more data and you can see what the past predictions got wrong and why there are people who actually have the job title of futurists
2	if anything you said was remotely true , children would still act like two year olds when they aged out of daycare your mind will age , regardless of who you hang out with
1	shit 's expensive as hell , we need to drop the price on this stuff !
1	fuck that the racist , back asswards stupid geezers need to die so that new generations can move civilization forward
5	too bad the drug causes cancer ( http en wikipedia org wiki sirolimus risk due to immunosuppression ) also it 's used to treat cancer go figure also the knock off non brandname version costs <> a day for <> ( i do n't know what dosage would be used for extending life spans in humans )
5	sorry , you 're wrong please do some research on the coming collapse and educate yourself
2	unfortunately there are just as many asshats when you look at other age groups it 's not age that is the problem , it 's stupidity
2	would you , seriously , want to retire at <> and spend the next <> years sitting on your ass doing nothing constructive ? i 'd just keep looking around until i found a field i enjoyed working in
4	everybody is different , but most people find that being perpetually unemployed ( such as in retirement ) , eventually , becomes extremely boring if you are n't careful , it can lead to depression and or morbid obesity without realizing it
2	to each their own i always find things i enjoy i do n't need to be productive to have fun or enjoyment my grandpa has been retired for <> years and he always finds things to do he always mentions how 'at least i'm not working ' i just ca n't understand how someone can enjoy working
2	oh i thought you were being literal yes , i have seen the movie i have a set of nike power laces on pre order for jan <> <>
6	well thats cool any way to make it not mold nor dry out ?
6	got any interesting explanations on that honey one ? i thought it would at least deteriorate away after all the sugar was burned from the air or something like that
6	oh ? sounds rather interesting
4	does nasa do live web chats often ? this seems really cool i 'll be there
6	does it create anti matter as recently shown on your website ?
1	holy crap !
4	awesome ! i love lightning ( http nickulivieriphotography zenfolio com p37130860 ) especially photographing it , as you can see in the link i hope i can tune it
4	np thanks <>
4	please do ! this should be a very good chat richard and monte are incredible experts
6	also on this page ( http sueur jerome perso neuf fr buzzes html ) for more fun press play on all the sounds at the same time !
8	and they seek revenge ( http i imgur com ocolp gif )
5	it 's the end of the world
5	til pigeons hold grudges and could pick someone out of a police lineup
4	great , now i wo n't be able to chase pigeons away anymore it 's not for any fear of repercussions , it just makes me sad to think that they would remember that i was the one who hurt them it humanizes them a bit (
2	that article looks an awful lot like blogspam to me
5	this does not bode well for me
8	we took care of a pigeon with a broken wing once he also had an injured foot that did n't really heal right after he was better he would hobble over to us not just at our house , where we fixed him up , but also when we were at the neighborhood park
1	i'm not a speciest , but they all look the same to me
4	i believe z3ddicus is currently winning at science
4	do you think that ants can identify specific humans ? or dragon flies ? or frogs ? where do you draw the line ? science will ultimately make the distinctions however , the cultural biases we carry in to animal experiments definitely affect how long it will take us to get the answers read up on some of the programs they use for biometric entry , and you can see that even when you can do perfect image analysis , it takes time and is n't accurate i actually worked in biometric algorithms for couple years making a program perform decently at visual id is hard , but a neural network capable of doing this is n't all that complex compared to the architectures found in even an ant 's brain i realize this is not really a fair comparison , as computer " neural " nets are n't really the same as biological neurons however , it does n't change the fact that even simple animals have decent computational capabilities but why would a pigeon need to be able to understand the way humans differentiate ourselves pigeons probably need to pay much more attention to humans , their differences and their intents , compared to the need of humans to attend to pigeons if there 's a motive to make a distinction , a functional brain will usually find a way to make it i 'd bet a seasoned field biologist would be pretty good at recognizing individuals of the animal species they study
1	holy crap man , the pigeons have won ! can we recognize pigeon faces ? no ! every single fucking pigeon looks the same to me
1	oh , shit , it 's on now , motherfucker
5	now i feel like i should apologize to the pigeons i yelled at today (
7	back in high school i was lucky enough to spend a year on an exchange program in austria we traveled a decent amount , and in that time my friend and i ( my friend especially ) grew to absolutely hate pigeons they 're like rats with wings , infesting everything where humans live , ruin old buildings , and are just a general nuisance at the end of the year we were staying in a hotel on one of our trips the morning we were leaving my friend ( with whom i was sharing a room ) was telling me about this crazy dream he had about pigeons the night before it did n't surprise me in the least , as he had a history of strange dreams talking in his sleep sleepwalking etc when we were just about ready to leave he all of a sudden stopped talking mid sentence i asked him what was up , and he told me that i needed to see something i go over to his side of the room , and there , lying on the floor of the hotel room , right where his suitcase had been since we woke up , was a dead pigeon camera phone picture of photo as proof ( http i imgur com gapoc jpg ) warning , dead bird ( no gore )
1	they know !
4	good thing i was in a car and sped away
8	so they 're already pissed off and then he calls them fat ? oh dear
4	this is the best comment
7	the birds are singing ! isnt it beatiful !
1	we must fight back !
4	i 've got a pair of european magpies living right outside my house i tend to give them food every now and then it 's pretty awesome because they 've begun to trust me , but only me ( even though the rest of the family lives in the house as well ) now every morning ( it varies from month to month ) they wake me up right outside my bedroom they wander around there and sing until i lift the blinds away from the window it sucks being waked up at <> or <> every morning , but ironically it 's my favorite animal on the other hand , some kids in the neighborhood tried to climb into their nest last year it did n't end well and now the magpies alarms the kids if they get too close to their nest if they get too close they get attacked i love it birds are amazing animals
1	if a pigeon mistreated me , i 'd remember it
1	fuck , now they 're going to come after you for insulting them
1	r science has been just a bunch of birdshit lately
2	i like my enemies to remember my face
1	yesterday i saw a seagull pounce on , kill , and eat a pigeon in front of hundreds of other pigeons whom could not have given a fuck
8	good news for mike tyson
5	i use to have " conference calls " on the roof of our work building and throw crunched up beer cans at pigeons until i found out they hold grudges
1	this is not good
2	i am not afraid of garbage incarnate
6	a comment retroactively stating the conclusions of a study are obvious amazing
2	i read that and wanted to punch that guy in the face humans have trouble recognizing humans of other races we 're hopelessly bad at telling apart any other animal
1	the pigeon lies !
4	crows get a bad rap of being the harbingers of death i agree with you and think crows are quite amazing
4	any reason to suggest this would go the other way ? as in , once pigeons recognize me as a delicious food source , will they flock to me and we can chillax together in the park ? i love pigeons
4	wow , imagine that birds that can fly their way home over hundreds of miles can also recognize threats amazing
1	you know what this means , right ? this means we need to get a highly trained and lethal bodyguard team to tom lehrer , stat ! ( relevant ( http www youtube com watch ? v yhumlpdnojy ) )
1	wonder if that counts for cars too those pigeons are just barely fast enough to get away from me in the parking garage i will run you over !
4	good
4	right in the crow study they had the same person wearing different masks this study does not isolate " face " as a variable , and leaves a number of other variables as possible determinants of the outcome ( scent , body appearance , gait , etc )
7	oh dear god
4	my pigeon molesting days are over
4	according to this ted talk , crows can too you should watch it , it 's very interesting crows are smarter than you think http www youtube com watch ? v nhmzbmuz6ve
1	shit
1	pidgeons hold grudges , barney !
1	future news mike tyson killed by some seriously pissed off pigeons
1	" he 's a pigeon , you idiot ! his memory 's admissible as evidence ! "
4	good
6	the birds ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2	if you continue smoking you 're going to have heart trouble anyway i hate to see this drug have so much negative press all medications come with risks , but the chances of benefiting from quitting smoking , are much greater than the chances of major negative side effects
6	what is that even supposed to mean ? are you comparing the radiation from a microwave or the sun to a cell phone ?
1	one thing 's for sure that wo n't stop people from claiming that it does !
2	i did n't have time to read this i was talking on my droid phone and using the internet on my iphone
2	good luck putting the shit back in that horse this story will get maybe <> <> the publicity of the recent " un says cell phones cause cancer " story
6	there 's a very interesting experiment similar to this , showing a possible way to eliminate any danger to cells from microwave radiation http www iovs org content <> <> <> full adding white noise to the signal may prevent changes to dna expression due to resonances maybe the solution is to universally adopt the right kind of spread spectrum transmission oh , someone has already filed a patent on electromagnetic resonance effects on chain molecules http www patents com us <> html
4	welcome to the <> century , my friend ! we have a wealth of knowledge for you to peruse please , take your time and catch up on the abundance of information we already possess !
1	did you just call your girlfriend a cocksucker ?
1	yes indeed , but she does n't understand english , other than a few words , and she does n't know that online i am an unrepentant degenerate misogynist btw she is very catholic like her insane family and it took a long time to make her a cocksucker and lots of pinot grigio
7	no , please elucidate me with your infinite wisdom
